This bird has a light brown belly and breast with a darker gray crest and back.
a small bird with a brown crown, neck and nape, and a light tan covering its throat, belly and breast.
This is a bird with an orange belly, grey back and head and pointy beak.
This bird has a light tan, almost orange belly, while the top of its head down the back of it is a light gray.
This small bird has a grey crown and wings and a golden belly.
The bird has thick brown feathers and a yellow chest.
This small bird with a bill that curves downwards and has brown wings
This small bird contains brown feathers covering its entire body except for its throat and belly, which are light orange.
This bird is brown in color with a curved beak, and dark eye rings.
This dark gray bird has a long pointy beak with black on top and yellow underneath, as well as a khaki colored breast.
A bird with a downward hooked bill which is black on top, orange on bottom.
This bird has a hooked black and orange bill, and a white breast that mixes with an orange-brown belly.
a small bird with a grey head, a light yellow throat, and grey breast , and light brown abdomen.
this is a gray and white bird with a yellow abdomen and a orange bill
This bird has a brown belly with a gray breast and a small orange bill.
This interesting bird has an orange belly and breast with white spots on the underside of its black tail.
A medium sized bird with a bill that curves downwards and a orange breast
A bird with a yellow-green belly, black cheekpatch, black and yellow bill, and black rectrices with six circular white patterned feathers.
Around bird with a brown belly, and white polka dotted tail.
whitish orange belly and breast with black crown and big white polka dot spots on black tail.
This bird has a brown belly with black wings and a black head.
The bird has a light brown throat, with a brown colored abdomen and breast as well as a black colored covert.
This bird has short curved bill, a white throat, and a black crown.
This bird is brown and black in color with a black beak, and  black eye rings.
a small and long bird with a tan belly, and a white neck.
White breast and orange belly with grey wings and a long curved beak.
A medium bird with a white chest and throat, orange belly, and gray crown and wings.
This is a bird with a yellow belly, white breast and a grey wing.
The bird has a long curved bill that is black and yellow.
This bird is white an grey in color with a curved beak, and black eye rings.
The bird has a small curved vill and a fanned black tail with white tips.
This small bird with a downward pointing bill has a light orange breast with a black crown and black tail feathers with white tips.
This is a yellow bird with black wings and a black crown on its head.
This bird is white and black  in color with a skinny beak, and black eye rings.
This bird is brown with black on its back and has a long, pointy beak.
A bird with a long tail and a sharp bill that is curved slightly downward, it is colored pale orange from throat to abdomen and is dark gray over the top part of its body.
This is a bird with a brown belly and a black head and back.
Medium sized bird with brown breast, black upper parts, and a bicolored bill.
black bird with orangeish white color on it's stomach.
A bird with a moderately long beak, yellow breast, gray wings, and black round the eyes.
This is a bird with a yellow belly, grey back and a black head.
A medium sized bird with a bill that downwards and a orange breast
The yellow bellied bird has a long tail and orange bill.
small to medium orange brown white and black bird with medium orange and black beak
The bird has a brown belly and a black and white dotted tail.
This bird is light orange, black, and white in color with a black and orange beak and black eye rings.
This bird has black inner and outer rectrices with large white spots in a pattern going down with a yellow belly and a grey head.
This bird has a yellow breast and black tail feathers with white tips.
This beautiful bird has an orange breast, a colored bill which is orange and gray, and the wingbars are blue.
The bird has a yellow belly and breast as well as a black bill.
A small bird with a black crown and yellow throat with a brown and white belly.
The bird has a black eyering, black bill and amber breast.
This bird has a light yellow throat, belly, breast and a black or brown head and coverts.
This bird has a yellow belly and breast with a black wing and head.
Average sized bird with a beige underbelly and a sharp beak.
A small bird with gray wings and a black beak
A bird with an orange belly and white chest. A curved beak and a gray head and back with black-tipped tail feathers.
This is a small, tan bird with grey on the crown and wingbars.
This is a brownish yellow-bellied bird with a gray crown and wings, and a sharp beak.
This bird has light gray wingbars with a off white breast, side, and belly.
The bird has light yellow colored abdomen and side with grey colored crown and coverts.
Birds beak is black flat and short head is grey belly is tan back is and and tail is brown feet are short.
This bird has a gray belly and breast with a darker crown and hooked bill.
This bird is brown with white on its stomach and has a long, pointy beak.
a small bird wiwth a white belly, and a grey topside with a small orange beak.
A bird with black crown, white throat, belly and breast, the bill is long and pointed
This is a bird with a white breast and a grey head with a pointed beak.
This is a big bird with a light colored belly and gray wings, the beak is short and light colored.
This bird has a grey head, a grey and orange bill, and a white throat
This is a bluish gray bird with a cream-colored belly and a strong, hooked bill.
The wings are blue with a long blue and white tail and a blue beak.
This bird has a gray-blue and white body with extremely long tail feathers and a long, black beak.
This bird is brown and white in color with a curved black beak, and black eye rings.
A bird with a light yellow throat, a yellowish-white belly, and a light blue crown, nape, and back.
A small bird with a greyish-brown back and wings and a white throat and breast, and a small beak.
A small gray bird with gray wings, small black eyes, and a gray bill.
The bird is completely gray, except for the eyes and the bill.
a small yet tall bird that has a gray overall body.
This bird is grey all over, has chunky coverts, an orange eyering, and white breast.
This bird is yellow on the bottom half of its bill all the way to his throat, and breast, top half is green.
Normal sized bird with a dark supercillary, brown wing bar and crown that's on top of it's slightly yellow belly.
the birds beak is hooked, belly is orange, the eyering is black, and the wing and tail is brown and white and black streaked.
Small bird with curved black and yellow bill with light yellow belly and brown head and wings.
This bird has a yellow breast and throat and a gray wing and head.
A longer bird with a yellow belly and a average sized yellow beak.
A small bird with a yellow belly and brown wings.
The small bird has a yellow chest and a white and black tail.
This bird has a yellowish belly, grey wings, and long tail-feathers.
Yellow bellied bird with gray wings and white wing bars on the retrices.
This bird is long and slim with grey back and white breast.
A small grey bird with yellow underbelly, throat and yellow circle around the eye.
A small sized bird that has a cream belly and a short pointed bill
This bird has a gray body,yellow white underside, and a black down pointed beak.
this is a gray and white bird with a white eyering, a black bill,and a white belly
The bird has a yellow throat and breast and a brown eyering.
The bird is dark brown with yellow breast and a short beak.
A bird with a brown back and wings, peach chest and throat and a orange bil.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
A brown bird with a tan underside and a black sti across the eyes.
the bird has a large bill with yellow eyes and a milky yellow breast
This bird has black eyepatch with yellow throat and breast as well as dark brown coverts.
This bird is a flat grey color with a black band over its eyes.
This is a grey bird with a white throat, a black eyebrow and an orange beak.
A small bird with a very long tail in comparison to the rest of its body.
The bird's rectrices are long and narrow and are sticking off the rump of the bird.
This is a small bird, grey on the dome of the head and top of the small beak, light grey to white down the throat and upper back and medium grey wings and tail, with fluffy light brown feathers across the underbody.
This little bird has a brown belly and breast, black crown, and narrow pointy bill.
This bird has a long tail and a beak that is pointed and curves downward.
This is a bird with a brown belly, grey wing and a white throat.
This bird has a light brown colored belly and breast, with a black crown and wings.
A brown bird with and orange underside, a curved beak, and a black patch across its eye.
This bird has a light orange belly and throat, grey wings and crown, and a short curved bill that is black on top and orange on the bottom.
A bird with a pink belly and a black head down to the wings, rump and tail.
This bird is grey with red on its stomach and has a very short beak.
The whole body of the bird is covered in gray color, the beak is sharp and curved and it is yellow in color.
A bird with a slightly curved beak, and an all gray body with a large black eye.
The bird has a distinct grey colored body on a whole, and a pointed black and yellow bill.
A small bird with a long tail which is dark grey from its rump to its inner and outer rectrices, it also sports a fairly large bill and is predominantly grey on its body from crown across it's back.
bird with gray beak, nape, crown, wings, inner and outer rectrices, and throat, and black eye
A sleek bird with pale yellow belly and throat, grey wings, a long black and white tail and a yellow eyering.
This is a bird with a yellow belly, gray wings and a pointy beak.
Small bird with long tail, secondaries and tail is brown, throat is white, beak is small, curved and yellow and brown color.
The bird has a light yellow throat, breast, belly and abdomen with the rest of its body in brown color.
A yellowish brown belly on this bird. Brownish black secondaries on this bird. A brown side and a black eyering
this bird has a gray back wings tail and head he has black eyeings a white neck and brest
This is a black bird with a white throat and a pointy black beak.
small bird with white throat, black nape and beak with white belly as well and black wings
This bird is grey with white on its neck and has a long, pointy beak.
THIS GRAYISH TAUPE BIRD HAS A WHITE CHIN AND NECK AND BLACK HEAD AND BEAK.