A small bird with uniform color throughout, a deep brown with white speckling and a white ring around its neck.
This little bird's camouflage coloring with its brown and black interchange markings make it a hard bird to see. The white ring on it's lower neck helps spot this hidden bird.
This is a large brown and white spotted bird with a small pointy beak.
This is a small brown and white spotted bird with a small and pointy beak.
A small bird with a speckled brown and white body and face and long rectrices.
A small bird has a very rounded belly, a small round crown, and its feathers are spotted.
This is a medium sized brown bird that almost looks like a part of the tree branch, it has a small downward pointing beak and a flat head.
This is a large brown bird with a small black beak.
bird with small, sharp pointed and brown beak with head proportional to its body size, and full body is covered in brown and gray
Brown and off white speckled bird. Some black on the wings.
bird with plump body and small head with mostly brown feathers
This bird is stout and brown with black flecks and a short, hooked bill.
A bushy brown bird with brown and black plumage, large head and eyes and a small bill.
This small, plump bird is a mottled dark brown with small flecks of black throughout it's plumage.
This bird has a short bill with dark feathers with a dusty pale coating.
A small bird with a sharp small, downturned bill with speckled wings.
This bird is covered with brown speckles for blending in with its surroundings.
this is a brown and black bird that has brown specks
This small, brown bird has a gaping grin, small beak and speckled wings.
This is a large bird with a very large bill which extends below the eyes, dark brown wings with light patches, and a dark brown head.
This is a brown spotted bird with a large wing and a small beak.
This bird is brown spotted in color with a very small beak and brown eye ring.
bird with small beak, and brown feet,  and the head is small when compared with its body
This bird has a spotted wing, a light brown spotted breast, and a small neck
the bird checkerboard orange and black primaries and wood bark colored secondaries
A multicolored bird of widely scattered colors of black, gray, and orange.
This is a spotted brown bird with a small pointed black beak.
This is a brown spotted bird with a very small beak.
The strange looking bird is grey all over with black and orange spots.
the crown is spotted, the breast and wings have dark brown circles.
this is a green and orange bird with spots on it and a small orange bill
A dark brown bird with light brown spots on its wings and face, and light brown rectricles.
This bird is brown with black spots and has a very short beak.
A BIRD WITH A SPOTTED APPEARANCE HAS A FLAT LONG FACE.
A small bird with an odd shaped head where its small beak is very high up, and the entire bird is covered in brown.
The bird is brown and speckled with a squatty head and a fanned tail with a hooked bill.
This is a brown and black spotted bird with a small pointy beak.
This bird has a very small beak that is barely noticeable and a brown body.
This bird has multi brown feathers with lots of spots with long wings.
This bird is speckled black , brown and off white. The retrices are the most distinctive, as they seem very thick.
A long exotic colored bird with red yellow and dark grey polka dots on all of its feathers, and a red nape.
This bird has a short black beak with orange brown and light brown feathers with a long tail.
This bird is brown speckled with black, has a long tail and a short pointed bill.
This bird has a brown crown, a spotted back, and a brown bill
This bird is dominantly brown with feathers that resemble a spotted pattern.
the bird has brown and black coverts, as well as a brown bill and eye ring.
Medium sized brown "bark" patterned bird with long tarsus and large eyes
This bird has as speckled appearance to further blend in with it's surroundings.
A short billed bird is feathered in what is a likely protective camouflage of browns and blacks.
The crown of the bird is brown the body is brown as well.
A dark brown bird with black spots, light brown eyebrows and cheek patches, and black eyes.
This bird is brown and black in color with a short curved beak and brown eye rings.
The bird has an oval shaped, small eye and the pattern on its body is checkered of brown and black, with a reletively large head compared to the body size.
This bird has a flat head an extremely small beak and a speckled brown and black body.
Bill quite short with slit like eyes. Rump and retries kind of combined
This bird has a black beak, black secondaries with brownish primaries, blackish feet and tarsus.
A brown and black mottle colored bird with a small head, straight nape and small pointed bill.
This is a brown bird with orange and white spots on the breast and wingbars.
A medium bird with a brown and orange speckled body and long extended rectrices.
Fat bird that is grey with black spots all around its feathers with a very tiny face and an orange beak.
THIS IS A BROWN BIRD WITH A ORANGE BILL AND SPOTS ON ITS WINGBARS
The bird has a distinct rock like color feature all over it's body.
This bird has a distinct wood or rock like color pattern all over its body.
The bird has a very tiny bill that is orange and brown.
Squinty eyes, a large, mostly brown body, with black specks and a pointy beak.
The small bird has a beak the points downward and a brown and black feathered pattern.
This is a brown and black spotted bird with a small and pointy beak.
a small bird with dull colored feathers, and a smooth appearance.
This bird has a brown speckled appearance to blend in with it's surroundings.
This thin, sleek bird has a brown colored body, with a long, pointed bill,
Odd shaped bird, mostly brown with few white spots throughout.
A brown bird the wings and tail of which are spotted .
tiny billed brown and tan bird with unusual shaped throat under bill.
This bird is brown with scale-like feathers and has a very short beak.
This is a speckled brown bird with a sharp, hooked bill.
This bird is completely brown and has a very short beak.
a small bird that is mostly brown but also has speckles of black, gold, and cream covering its entire body.
bird with small beak, and black eye, pinkish brown tarsus and feet, and the head is proportional to its body
Brown, black and burnt orange bird with a small beat and wide head.
The bird has a small eyering as well as a black bill that is small.
This bird has spotted wings and tail and a stumpy head.
The brown and yellow bird has a small rounded head and downward pointed beak.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
This is a brown and black spotted bird with a large head and small hooked beak.
This small bird has black and orange striped primaries and brown spotted secondaries.
This is a black and brown spotted bird with a small pointy beak.
This funny looking guy is brown and gray with black spots.
This bird is long, with a tan head, no visible eyebrow, and speckled wings
A bird with a tiny pointed bill, and mottled gray and black body.
The small beak is curved downwards and is dull in color.
A medium bird with a brown and black calico pattern on the body, the eyes are indistinct and it has frilly feathers on the face.
a medium sized bird with a brown head and a small bill that curves downwards
This bird is brown and gray spotted with a small beak.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
The bird has a large wingspan and is made of brown and tan speckled feathers.
A bird with a large head, tiny bill, and brown and orange spots covering its body.
This bird has a white eyering, a brown crown, and a brown throat.
This medium sized bird has large black eyes, brown and white speckled breast, white malar stripe, and black wings with brown dots on them.
This bird is brown and black in color with a very small beak, and brown eye rings.