This is a white bird with brown spots and brown stripes on its head.
This medium sized bird is light grey but has brown spots all over on its belly,wings,head and back.
This bird has a round belly, a spotted breast, and short light brown wings.
This bird is brown with white on its stomach and has a very short beak.
This bird is completely covered in brown and white feathers, it's has a brown bill, and brown on it's crown.
The bird is small and is brown with skinny tarsals and feet.
An extremely small bird with a brown and white nape, neck, head, and tail, but has a pure white belly and reddish-pink thin legs and feet.
This small bird is tan and brown with a small short beak and cream plumage underneath.
The bird has a tan belly and tail with brown striped wings and head.
A small bird with a brown and cream speckled breast and wings.
This is a white bird with black spots on its breast.
a small bird with a tan eye ring, small pointed bill, cream colored breast, and a  speckled cream an brown throat.
This small bird is predominantly a light yellow shade with a brown speckled breast and light brown nape.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
bird with brown beak, tarsus, crown and feet, white belly and abdomen, and black eye
This is a tan bird with black streaks and a pointy beak.
A small bird with a large tail feather and dark eyes.
This bird is small and round with colors of yellow and black spotted all around.
This bird has orange legs and a striped pattern on belly.
A brown and white speckled bird with an orange bill and feet.
The bird has a white colored breast and abdomen, as well as brown, black and grey colored coverts.
This bird has a white belly and breast, with white wingbars and a short bill.
This small bird has gray, black and white feathers with an all white belly and undertail coverts.
A smaller bird with light brown feathers and a lighter, almost white belly.
A small bird with tan, white, and dark brown stripes on the wings.
A small bird with grey, black and white feathers in a striped pattern covering its entire body except for its throat and belly which are white.
A tiny brown bird with a long tail and short beak.
The small, round, white and brown bird has thin, orange tarsus, a short, thick, pointed beak and a small head relative to its body.
This small bird has a white rump and belly and white wingbars on its black and gray feathers.
A small bird with a white speckled belly and brown wings and a short black beak.
This is a bird with a white belly and brown wings.
This is a small bird that has a white breast and belly with brown markings and brown wings.
A small bird with a white belly with a few black strips. The back of the bird is brown with a blend of white and black highlights.
This is a very small bird with long, skinny feet, and dark brown wingbars.
This small bird has a brown speckled head, throat and breast, a white belly, brown and white wings and tail, grey thighs, and pink tarsus and feet.
White with a brown speckled breast, it also has grey wings and white wing bars.
This brown and white bird has a greyish-orange bill, and its breast and sides are white with brown spots.
This small bird is brown and white, the beak is short and sharp.
This bird has a white belly and a brown and white speckled breast.
The bird has a small eyering that is black and white as well as tiny feet.
This small brown bird has large feet, a small pointed beak, and a rounded crown.
Small bird with light brown breast and stripped darker and lighter brown feathers elsewhere, short, sharp beak, and longer tail.
This little bird is brown and white with some grey in his chest.
This small bird has a small head compared to its body, a white belly, and a mostly mottled black & brown body.
The bird has a small eyering that is black and a small bill that is white.
This bird is white with black and brown on its back.
A small bird with a multicolored body and a small flat bill
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
A small brown and white bird with a short, pointed beak and small white thighs and tarsuses.
This little bird has a speckled pattern with browns, blacks, and whites.
A smaller bird with a small beak to match; it's color blends seamlessly with the dirt below it.
This is a brown bird with a grey belly and a small beak.
A brown bird with a pale breast and orange tarsus and feet.
This bird has brown and white feathers, a round body and relatively small head.
The bird has orange legs and a brown body with a small head and medium beak.
The bird has a white breast and belly as well as orange tarsus.
The bird is brown and white speckled with orange skinny tarsals and white eye rings
This small bird is beige with dark brown stripes and has a pointed beak.
This small bird has a small, stout beak and open, round eyes.
This is a small brown and white bird with black eyes.
This bird has a creamy white belly, a brown and white speckled head, wings, and breast, and orange tarsus, feet, and beak.
This is a white bird with black spots on it and a small orange beak.
A small sized bird that has a cream belly and dark brown spots all over
This squatty brown and white bird has small brown eyes and a short bill.
This bird is brown with white on its chest and has a very short beak.
This portly bird is brown on its crown and wings and white on the belly, the breast looks like brown veins.
A small bird with coloring similar to the ground and orange legs.
This is a bird with a grey breast and black streaks on its feathers.
THIS SMALL BIRD HAS BIG EYES AND A SHORT BEAK WITH BROWN AND GRAY FEATHERS.
a small bird with a grey belly with brown and white dotted wing bars.
This multicolored bird has a small head compared to the rest of the body, and multicolored wings.
This bird has brown and white speckled coverts, a white eyering and brown and black bill.
Small bird with white and black belly and breast, dark brown and white wing feathers, and black eyes.
This bird is brown and white in color with a brown beak, and white eye rings.
Brown and white speckled looking bird with very alert eyes and short brown beak
The bird has skinny thighs, a black eyering and small wingbars.
This is a small brown and white bird with a small straight beak.
A small bird with alternating black and white wingbars, large black eyes, and a small head.
A small sized bird that has tones of dark brown with a short pointed bill
bird with black eye with white eyering, brown beak, tarsus and feet, and gray belly and abdomen
A black striped bird with white belly with a small tipped beak.
This bird has a white belly and breast with a speckled appearance on its back.
This is a bird with dark brown streaks on its breast and a small pointy beak.
A brown sparrow with black eyes and black slashes all over its brown color.
This bird is brown and white in color with a brown beak, and white eye rings.
The white little bird with the pink beak is sitting on a branch looking to it's left.
This is a tiny brown and white speckled bird with a white eye ring and a pointy beak.
The small bird has a brown speckled body with a white chest and a sharp pointed bill.
A small light tan bird, speckled chest, black eyes with white rim, and short tail.
Small bird with white abdomen and under tail cover and speckled brown and white breast and head.