A white bird with black feathers and a light beak.
bird has white body feathers, white breast feather, and very long  beak
A larger sized white bird that has dark brown wings and a large points bill
This bird is white with brown on it and has a long, pointy beak.
This bird has a brown back and wings, with a white body and tarsi, and a long, thin, but slightly bulbous pink bill.
A larger bird with a long beak that curves downwards at the end, and a white head with smokey eyes.
A large bird with a hook like bill and distinct black cheek patch and white crown and the bird has a long neck
The bird has a blue body and wings with a yellow striped beak.
This bird has a white crown, a long bill, and a white breast
This is a white bird with a grey cheek patch and a black eyebrow.
The bird has webbed feet that are pale pink as well as skinny tarsus.
A large sea bird with blue feat and a large orange bill.  it's body and head are white and wings are dark grey to black.
This white bird has a long, curved-at-the-end beak and webbed feet.
This large sea bird is white with black wings, has a long orange bill that curves downward at the end with a black tip, and its feet are pink.
This bird has a white crown, a long neck, and an orange bill
White and black bird with long downward curved beak and wide wingspan.
This bird has a white body and black wings, this bird's bill is long and slightly curved downward.
A medium sized flying bird with long curved wing feathers, a white under belly, and a flat bill.
A large bird with a white body and face and long black wings.
This black and white bird has a very long wingspan, longer than its body, as well as a very long beak.
The impressive wingspan on this bird is brown and the body is white. The bill is long.
The bird has a white head and rump, brown wings and back, and a brown bill.
The bird has a white crown and a small black bill and large bill.
A big bird with black and white feathers and a black beak.
A medium sized bird that has tones of white and dark brown with a long bill
The bird has a white breast and nape with black secondaries, and it has a tan bill.
An aquatic bird with longer, hooked at end bill and white head, neck, and breast, with gray back and wings.
Birds head stomach is white and the birds back and wings are grey,beek is beige flat and long.
This large bird has a white body, grey wing, and long hooked yellow bill.
This bird is white and grey in color with a curved beak, and  black eye rings.
Large white bird with grey wings and a yellow beak
This bird has a white head, a long hooked bill, and webbed feet
The bird has a white body with a grey rump and white webbed feet.
A large white bird with dark brown feathers on its wings, webbed feet and long beak.
This large white bird has webbed feet and a long white curved bill.
This bird has a bright white head, throat, breast and belly, dark grey wings and tail, and a long beak with a hooked upper beak, the area in front of the eye is black.
A large bird with a white head, neck, nape, throat, and breast, with black feathers covering the rest of its body except for white tips on some feathers.
This bird is black with white on its chest and head and has a long, pointy beak.
This bird has a white head and breast, with black covering the rest of its body.
This bird has a white head and chest and a beak that curves down.
This bird has a white head and throat/neck with dark brown wings, back and black eyebrows.
This bird has a white head,neck and breast with brown wing and back
This aquatic bird has a long, curved bill, white head and neck, and blackish brown wing feathers.
A large brown and white bird with a long orange beak.
This bird is white and black in color with a large curved beak, and dark eye rings.
This bird has brown on its wings and back with white on its head and belly.
A flying albatross with big and long black wings and white body has orange beak and legs.
a large with long wingspan, and a white belly, and a long bill.
This bird is black with white on its stomach and has a long, pointy beak.
The bird has a light colored belly and head, dark colored wings and a long beak that curves downwards to a point.
This larger bird is duck-like and has a black and white body on which the black is mostly from the beginning of the wings on back throughout hthe rest of his body because the breast, neck and throat are white with the exception of a brown cheeck patch and his bill is yellow and long.
A medium to large grey and white duck with smokey black eyering and grey cheek patch.
This is a large bird with a white head, neck, breast and belly.  It has a grey eyepatch.  The bill is large and pointed down at the tip, it is orange and is about 2.5 times as long as the head
This bird has a white head and breast, a grey back and eye area, and an orange bill that ends in a downward curve.
a large bird with a curved neck, and a white and gray colored body.
a bird with a white belly, and black and white wingbars with a black outer retrices
A Large bird with a white belly, black and white wings with a long beak.
This bird has a white body, black eyes, light gray beak and feet, white and black coloring on the underside of the wings and black inner and outer rectrices.
this bird has really big wings and has a white belly.
This flying bird is white with a long curved white bill
This bird has a long beak, white face, brown wings and white legs.
A large bird with a large wingspan, covered in brown feathers from its back, to its wings, with a white head, and rump.
A bird with a large downward curved bill, white throat and head, brown breast and white abdomen.
A brown winged bird with a white rump and head, a brown tail and a long light yellow beak with a slightly curved tip.
This seabird has a white head and brown wings, with a nice shapely yellow beak.
this is a black and white bird with a gray bill and orange in the outer rectrices
A large, gray bird with black wings, orange feet, and a yellow bill.
This bird has a gray belly and breast with a long hooked bill.
This is a white bird with black and white wings and a long and pointy black beak.
This bird has a white overall body color with lots of streaks and patches of black on its wings.
This colorful bird has a white belly and breast, brown wings, and a small bird with white head and nape.
This bird is white and black in color with a long dull ended beak and black eye rings.
This bird has a long, curved, orange bill, black primaries, and a white head, throat, and breast.
This is a white bird with black wings and an orange beak.
This bird has a long wingspan, a white belly, and a yellow bill
This bird is colored brown on its wings and back while its head and rump are all white.
A bird diving with a yellow beak, brown wings, and a white head and neck.
The Bird with big black wings, white crown and head, and brown breast
This is a large brown bird with a white rump and a white head.
This bird is white and brown in color with a long beak, and white eye rings.
This brown and white bird has a large wingspan and an orange bill.
The bird has a long bill that is curved and yellow.
This bird is brown with white on its head and tail and has a long, pointy beak.
a bird with a medium downward hooked bill, white head, and brown wings
THE SPAN OF THE WINGS ARE ENORMOUS; THE PLUMMAGE OF THE BIRD IS BOTH BROWN AND WHITE.
The large flying bird, with dark feathered wings outstretched, has a white body, and an orange beam with a dark colored pointed beak.
This bird is beautiful, with a white abdomen, black tips on the wings, the beak is long and orange, it has a small black eye.
This bird is white and black in color with a orange beak and black  eye ring.
This bird has a white belly and a long yellow bill.
This is a medium sized sea bird, it's body is all white, the dail and wings are white with black edges, the beak and feet are orange.
A bird with a white body, medium brown wings and tail, and a medium long neck.
Aquatic bird with longer fish-catching orange bill, white neck, breast, and legs, and dark smoke wings and back, with a longer neck.
Big bird with a long white neck that changes at its nape and has dark brown feathers but grey circle around its eyes.
This bird is white with grey on its wings and has a long, pointy beak.
This bird is mostly white grey wings, and a long snubbed bill.