A red bird with a short beak compared to body with a pointy head.
Bright red bird with black around it's red bill and black throat
a small red bird with a spiky crown and black cheek patch.
This little bird is all vibrant red with a black throat and black around its eye and above its red bill.
This marvelous red bird has black under and around its bright-orange-red beak.
This bright red bird has a fluffy crown and black mask markings on its eyes
This colorful bird has a short bright red bill, a red crown, and a black superciliary.
An all red bird with a black beard and black eye brow with a red bill.
bright red small bird with black around eyes and bill with short pointed redish orange bill.
This bright red bird has some black markings around its facial area.
The small bird has a long tail, bright red colored body, and a red short beak.
Head with a raised orange crown. Beak is orange, sharp and strong
a colorful bird covered in red feathers all over its body, except for its face which is black, and its black throat.
This is an orange bird with a black ring around its beak.
The bird has a red crown and a small red bill that is thick.
This bird has an orange overall color with a black patch on the base of its bill.
A red bird with a red short bill with black cheek patch
this bird has a red back and has a red bill.
A medium bright red bird with a black supercillary and red beak.
The bird has a bright red crown and a bright read bill.
This little bird is nearly all red with a black superciliary and neck.
This bird is bright red with a black eyebrow and a large pointy beak.
The bird has a red overall body color aside from a black patch at the base of it's bill.
This bird is vivid red in color with a stubby red beak and black eye ring.
This bird is bright red with a red bill and just a little black surrounding the bill.
This is a red bird with a black ring around its beak and a red beak.
A small red bird has a short red bill, a dark black eye patch, a black chest and long tail feathers with black outer rectrices.
THIS SMALL BIRD IS RED IN COLOR AND HIS SUPERCILLARY AND INNER STRIPE IS BLACK IN COLOR
The bird has a red overall body color aside from a black patch on the base of it's red short bill.
this bird is almost all red in color, except a little black under its bill, and around its eyes.
A medium sized bird with a bill that curves downwards ,and a red belly
A red bird with a tall red mow hawk and brown feet.
bird has small orange beak and black throat and the rest of the bird is orange.
A bird with red belly and breast, black throat and red and light grey wings and the bill is pointed
This mostly red feathered bird has black around the bill and throat.
Medium sized bird with a large, pointed beak, plumage on the top of its head, and the bird almost entirely red with black feathers around the beak.
This is a small red bird with a blunt red bill, it's whole body is red, with the exception of a black area on it's throat and superciliary.
This red bird has a red bill and a black supercillary.
This colorful bird has the pinkness of a salmon, including its beak color, with the exception of a small black ring encircling its face.
bird with black eye and throat, pinkish gray tarsus and gray feet, pink breast, belly and abdomen, crown, back and nape
This bird has a red crown, a red bill, and a red breast
A bird with a black head while its entire body is bright red and has a bright red beak.
This bird is all red, including its beak, with the exception of its head, which is gray.
This red bird has an unpleasantly grey head, a red bill, and a body tinged with grey all over.
This bird is an overall red color with a heavy red bill, this individual is missing the typical red head feathers giving a black colored appearance.
This is a grey and red bird with a grey head and a red beak.
Slim bird with grey and orange feathers and a short bright orange beak.
This bird has a gray belly and breast, with a plumed crown that has touches of red.
A bird with a large triangular bill, swept back orange and gray crown, red wings and brown breast.
This bird has a red crown and bright orange bill with most of it's body colored in brown.
This bird has a brown breast, a red wing, a red crown and an orange beak.
A small, bright red bird with a long tail and a black face, as well as a squat orange bill.
the red feathered bird has a black swatch over it's eye and a red beak
The bird has red feathers and a triangular shaped orange beak with a black eyebrow.
This bird is red with black on its face and has a very short beak.
a large round bird with red feathers, and a long tail.
This particular bird is all red with a black superciliary type mask.
This bird is red with black on its face and has a very short beak.
This bird is mostly red with a black patch around its eyes and bill.
The bird has a bright red color with some patches of brown on its coverts and back.
A bird with a small triangular orange bill, red plumage, and a pointed red crown.
This is a red bird with crest and short blunt beak.
This little bird has a red breast, belly, and crown with black patches on its bakc and coverts.
This bird is a Cardinal that has a red belly & breast, black wings & check patches, and an orange bill.
This colorful bird has a red breast & belly, a short red bill, and a red crown.
This smaller bird has a red body, dark gray wing, and characteristic red pointy bill.
The bird has an orange bill and a tuft of orange feathers on crown.
Small bird with upright reddish feathers in the crown, beak is orange, tail and secondaries are red and black, brown belly, foot and tarsus is black.
The bird has a brown multicolored body with wings of red and orange and a bright orange beak.
This bird is red and brown in color with a  red beak, and black eye rings.
This bird is black with red on its back and has a long, pointy beak.
small bird with a red breast, the cheek patch is black all the way to the throat, and a red bill.
This red bird has a black ring around the base of its beak along with a red burst of a crown.
This is a red bird that has black around its supercilliary and throat.
A small red bird with a black marking around the mouth.
bird with red crown, beak, breast, belly and abdomen, and black throat, and reddish gray wings
A brightly red colored bird with a sharp, pointed crown and a black superciliary.
This is a red bird with grey wings and a bright red beak.
a small plump body with red feathers, and a spike crown.
The bird has a red crown and a small red bill.
This bird has a tuft of red crown feathers, a black eye ring, and a short red bill
Bright red bird with a black cheek patch and short bill.
A small sized bird that is red all over with a black facial marking and short but thick bill
The bird has red feathers with a red top notch and a black cheek patch.
A small bright red bird with distinctive black mask pattern on the face and red plume on the head.
This is my favorite bird of them all. I love the red, it has red everywhere, even its bill. It has a small tiny black eye, and a small black strip that runs from the top of the eye to the bottom.
A small sized bird that has tones of brown and dark red with a short stout bill
This bird has a gray belly, breast, and crown with red primaries and tail.
A pretty bird with bright orange beak, tail, wings and an orange crest on greenish brown head, and has a brownish green color all over its body.
a small bird with yellowish gray feathers, and a reddish tail and wings
This is a grey bird with red wings and an orange beak.