A small bird with a blue body , and black and gray wings.
A blue bird with black and white striped wings and black eyes.
This bird has a wide blue bill, a black superciliary, and a royal blue crown, throat, breast, and belly.
a small bird with blue and black feathers and a long crown
This small bird has a royal blue body with black primaries and a black, blue and purple beak.
The small bird has a bright blue colored body, a white short beak, and gray tips on the tail.
This bird is almost fully a bright blue, with the exception being its white bill, white and black primaries, and grey rectrices.
A small blue bird with black an white wings, gray recticles, and a short gray bill.
This bird is mainly bright blue, the beak is short, pointed, white and black.
A very blue, small bird with black talons, a short, slightly curvy, white beak, and grey feathers at the tip of its tail and wings.
A small bird has a royal blue crown, black eyes, and a baby blue colored bill.
This is a bright blue bird with a black throat and light blue bill, tarsus and feet.
a small blue bird with a light blue bill and small  feet
A small blue bird with stripes on it's secondaries, black eyes, and a light blue bill.
A small blue bird with a small head and pointed gray beak.
The bird has a blue breast and belly as well as a black eyering.
This bird is vibrant blue in color with a small grey beak and black eye rings.
A bright clue colored bird with a small beak and head
A small shiny blue bird with black striped eyes and a black beak.
This is a blue bird with a black eyebrow and a pointy beak.
A small bird has a blue crown, blue breast, and a rounded blue belly with short tarsus'.
A round bird with an all blue body, and black eyering and bill.
The small bird has a round blue body with black detailing on the wings and a short beak.
Beautiful blue bird with black wings and black bill and eyering.
This is a small, blue bird with black stripes on the wingbars.
A bird has a bright blue crown and black eye, with tail feathers that have black outer rectrices.
A small bright blue bird with black tail feathers and a yellow beak.
This bird is blue with a black tail and has a very short beak.
The bright blue bird has a pale gray beak, black eyering, and black undertail covets.
This small bird is blue, with a small beak and inner rectrices.
A blue bird with a downwards-curved beak, grey tarsus and brown-tipped wings.
This vivid blue bird has a short curved bill, and black cheek patch and secondaries.
The bird has blue covered feathers all over its body aside from a mix of blue and black coverts.
This is a beautiful blue bird with brown and black wings and a small beak.
this small bird is blue all over with black wing tips
This bird has a unique, dirty aqua color scattered throughout its feathers, standing at a medium size with black tail feathers and wing tips.
a long bird with dark blue feathers, and a curved bill.
This is a blue bird with black on its wings and a black beak.
This small blue bird has blue wings with black ends and a short grey beak.
This bird is black and blue in color with a  black sharp beak, and  black eye rings.
The bird has a blue crown and a small blue bill.
This is a blue bird with black wings and a white beak.
A medium sized bird with the same color blue covering entire body
This beautiful blue bird has a narrow beak and a long tail.
A larger blue bird with a proportionate black and white beak.
The bird is blue with a dark grey tail feather.
This little bird is mostly blue with a short pointy bill.
The bird has mostly blue plumage with streaks of dark grey on the wings and tail.
The birds has a blue overall color aside from it's grey bill.
This bird is blue  in color with a sharp beak, and blue eye rings.
The bird has various shades of blue and a short blue bill.
A small, colorful bird covered in bright blue feathers with the exception of its wings which are dark green and blue.
This small bird is completely blue and has a gray pointed beak.
This little bird is almost all blue with a darker wing and black superciliary.
This bird is a bright blue with fluffed up crown feathers and a short beak.
This little bird is almost completely blue with black primary and secondaries.
This is a blue bird with a small white pointed beak.
A plump mainly blue bird with some black on the head, wings and tail.
This small bird has short, pointed bill, a black eyering and blue wingbars, breast and belly.
This small all blue bird has a stocky black bill.
This bird is almost completely blue with black primaries and secondaries.
This bird is blue and green with black wings and a gray bill.
This is a blue bird with grey wings and a small grey beak.
The tiny bird has a bright blue body with black wings.
This bird is bright blue with dark gray on the undersides of the wings.
A small bright blue bird with a small pointed grey beak and dark gray wings and tail, dark grey tarsus and feet
The bird has a long blue belly and a small bill.
This bird is very dark blue with black eyes, a blackish-grey beak, black feet and tarsus, black wings, and black inner rectrices.
the tiny bird is vividly blue along its exterior and has a chubby build
Bright blue round bird with a short green tail and small beak.
This bird has vibrant blue feathers on the body and green and yellow tail feathers.
This bird has a bright blue head and chest, a black eyering, and green primaries.
This is a blue bird with a black eye and a white beak.
This bird has a bright blue color from it's head to it's side and its vent and retrices in green color.
This is a blue bird with grey wings, a black eye and a white beak.
This bird has a blue crown and breast, green flanks and a small sharp bill.
A small blue-green bird with dark gray rectricles and black eyes.
A small bird with a bright blue crown and throat, blue belly, black and grey primary and secondary wing feathers, black rectrices and black bill.
This small, vividly colored bird is bright royal blue at the crown, with its color steadily fading to aqua green at the tail.
This is a blue bird with color lightening to turquoise to the tail.
A small bird that is mostly dark blue with a black eyering.
Small all blue bird, with dark blue cheek patch, and light blue small pointy beak.
This bird is mostly bright blue in color with black eyeing.
A small bright blue bird with a tiny bill and thin tarsuses.
This little guy is mostly blue with a black superciliary and short pointy bill.
A bird is a royal blue color, that has rounded black eyes, and its bill is small and white.
This medium sized bird is a dark solid blue with a short and pointed bill.
A bright blue bird with a triangular, gray bill and gray on the underside of its tail feathers.
This is a blue bird with black feet whose head is medium sized with a short beak.
This all blue bird has a short chubby bill and black feet.
A small bird that is entirely blue except for it's white bill and black superciliary markings.
A blue and turquoise plump bird with black eyes and a small sand colored beak.
the bird has a white beak with black eyes and a blue body
This bird is bright blue with a black superciliary.
This is a blue bird with a small white beak.
This small bird is royal blue with gray-tipped feathers.
This is a small blue bird with black wings and a black beak.
A small sized blue bird that has a short pointed bill
A small blue bird that has black wings and a black beak.
This is a tiny blue bird with a gray wings and a small black bill.
This is a blue bird with a black wing and a white beak.
The bird has a blue bill and a black eyering that is small.
The little pretty blue bird is setting on the tree
A small blue bird with black markings and a light beak.
This mostly blue bird has black wings and a small yellow bill.
This vibrant blue bird has a spiky crown and black tail.
This is a small blue bird with a small pointed gray bill and gray feet.
The bird is blue and has a short black beak and curved tail as well as black eyes.
Deep violet head fading to lighter blue down the body with spiked head feathers and short, powerful beak.
This little bird is nearly all blue with a short pointy bill.
This bird is all blue, the top part of the bill is blue, but the bottom half is white.
An eyecatching royal blue small bird that has a little bit of black on its wings and tail feathers.
A small blue bird with a small beak, blue crown and dark grey primaries.
This is a small, blue bird with a black bill and black on the wingbars.
This bird is royal blue in color with a chunky black beak and long black legs.
This bird has vivid blue crown and breast feathers, black and pale blue striped primaries, and a slightly rounded bi-colored bill, which is paler on the bottom.
This bright blue bird has a black cheeks, a black and white short beak, and black feathers on the wings and tail.
This is a bright blue colored bird with black strips on its wings and a lighter blue tail.
This small bird has vibrant, royal blue plumage, a black patch on its throat and a small pointed bill.
a bright bluie bird whos top half of its beak is black and the other part grey