the bird has a thin white eyebrow, a large orang bill with feathers coming out of the top of it, and bright white eyes
This is a black bird with a white eye and a large orange beak.
This orange-billed bird has a curly black plummage with a white eyering.
this funny looking bird is black with white eyes and an orange beak
This is a black bird with an orange bill, white eyes, and feather coming out of head.
A large black bird has a grey colored breast, a dark black crown, and a short and bright yellow bill.
A medium bird with with black crown and black throat with grey breast and side and orange bill
The bird has a black head and a grey body with an orange bill.
Grey bellied bird with black head and throat and a yellow bill.
This black and gray bird has a very short orange beak.
An orange billed bird with a long hairy crown and white superciliary and wild white eyes, the rest is black.
The bill of the bird is bright orange and the bird has white eye rings as well as black body feathers.
This is a black bird with a white eye and an orange beak.
This bird is black with a red beak and has a very short beak.
This black bird has a distinct crest of feathers extending from the forehead, a bright orange bill, a prominent white eye and a white stripe extending past the eye.
this bird is grey and blue. it also have a yellow beak
This plump bird has a dark grey back with a belly that is a lighter shade of grey.
a dark black and grey feathered bird with a bright beak
Gray duck with black crown and feathers. Small yellow bill.
This swimming bird has a yellow bill and a grey breast section.
Some sort of web-footed bird with an orange beak sits atop a rock.
A black bird with wide black feet, a white eye, and bright orange bill.
The bird has a white eyering and a black throat that is medium.
This bird is mostly grey with webbed feet, and blunt orange bill.
A multi-toned orange and white beak, webbed feet, and white eyeing make up the dramatic characteristics of this small bird.
This small black bird has webbed feet, white eyes, and orange on its beak.
This intense looking bird is medium in size, has an all black coat, chrome white eyes and a bright orange beak.
A black body, white eye with stripe next to it, and an orange bill are on this bird.
This bird has a short orange bill with a white eye ring on its purely black body.
This bird has webbed feet, gray feathers and a bright orange bill with a crazy feather crest over it.
This dark grey bird has a orange bill with white eyes and a feather hanging over its bill.
This bird is all black, with black webbed feet, a black plume, and orange beak.
This bird is black with an orange, short, stubby beak.
This bird is mostly gray with a short orange bill and webbed feet.
This tall black bird has an orange bill and a long feather protruding from its face.
The bird is grey and black with a bright orange beak.
This bird's head and body are all grey, but there is a small whte mark below the light colored eye, the beak is bright orange and short and stubby, there is a large narrow crest feather near the base if the beak.
A dark grey bird with an orange beak, white eye and long curly feathers at top of beak.
This bird is black with crazy eyes and has a very short beak.
This bird has an orange bill and brown wingbars, with a grey breast.
This unusual bird has a plume above its orange bill, white stripe below its eye, and grey feathers covering its body.
The bird has a black eyering and an orange bill that is small.
The bird has a short orange bill with black crown and throat as well as belly and abdomen.
Its a gray color bird with an orange beak and a cool looking eye.
A medium sized bird that has blue facial markings and a feather sticking straight up on its head
This bird is mostly gray with a bright orange bill.
A bird with a gray body and wings, a white eye with cheek patch, and orange bill.
A large bird with an all dark grey body, grey and black wing feathers, and a curved bright orange bill.
This bird is mostly grey with a short bright orange bill.
this is a gray bird with a white eyering and a large gray wingbar
A tall erect bird, mostly black, with webbed feet and a long beak.
this bird is almost entirely black except for its mouth area with a hint of vivid orange
The bird is black with a grey webbed feet and white eye rings.
Large bird with a black body, fin like feet and a big tail.
This bird had black wings and a more light gray going around his abdomen and he also has a orange bill with light blue eyes.
This black bird has a white stripe running from his white eye to his nape, a bright orange beak and randomly arranged feathers where the top of his bill meets his head.
this bird is black with a long narrow white cheek patch and white eyes.
The bird has a black and grey colored body, with a distinct orange bill and white eyes.
medium to large black and grey bird with black tarsus and short orange beak
This bird is dark gray with a bright orange bill and white superciliary.
This bird has gray tarsus and feet with an orange beak and white eyes.
This mostly black bird has a bright orange bill, white eyes, a white stripe leading from his eyes down his head and a feathery lifted crown.
This insane looking bird has a greyish-black body, a very short, crushed orange beak, and pinhole pupils.
A bird with a short rounded orange bill, stark whtie eye with white brown, and feathered point coming off its superciliary.
The bird has an orange bill with feathers sticking up in front of it as well as an entirely black body.
A bird with a bright red bill with a tan tip, and a black head and breast.
This bird is black in color with a strange shaped red beak and black eye ring.
A large all black and grey bird with a red curved bill, and white feathers on its face.
This bird is mostly grey with a bright orange blunt bill.
This is a black bird with a small and pointy orange beak.
The grey bird has grey webbed feet and a tuft of feathers on the orange beak.
bird has gray body feathers, gray breast feather, and orange beak
The black bird with black belly and breast with black tarsus and feet
This bird is black with weird eyes and has a very short beak.
THIS BIRD HAS GRAY FEATHERS, LARGE FEET, WHITE EYES AND A BRIGHT ORANGE BEAK.
The orange beak is rounded and very small, compared to the size of the head, the body is all black and dark grey and there are two long, black feathers sticking up on the front of the head.
thats a black bird with a orange bill and black wingbars
the bird has a yellow beak and a yellow eye with dark feathers all over
This bird is black in color with a  stubby beak, and black eye rings.
A black bird with a long neck and an orange bill
The bird is black with an orange bill and white eye.
This is a grey bird with a white eye and an orange beak.
This is a black bird with a prominent feather on its head and a long neck.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
This bird is black and white in color with a stubby beak, and black eye rings.
This black bird has a very bright orange malar stripe and a small hooked beak.
This is a grey bird with a white eye and an orange beak.
The bird is grey with a bright orange beak and black webbed feet.
a large bird that is black, and has an orange bill.
This bird has a black crown, a hooked bill, and a red throat
The bird's eyering is white and the bill is orange.
This gray bird has a small head with a orange pointy beak, the bird's crown has a black feather sticking up.
This bird has a large, orange, curved bill, a white cheek patch, and a brown crown.
Gray spooky looking bird with tuft of hair on top of head with irange beak
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a bright orange blunt bill.
A large bird with a mohawk, and gray feathers, and an orange beak.
this bird has an orange bill, with  solid brown feathers covering the rest of its body except for the small cheek patch which is cream and speckled with light brown.
This is a brown bird with a small orange beak.
This is a brown and grey bird with a small orange beak.
This bird has a short orange pointed bill and a brown/black mottled breast & body.
This bird is almost all light gray with a white superciliary and an orange beak.
The birds are grey with grey webbed feet and bright orange beaks.
this is a gray bird with a orange bill and gray feet
the birds are gray and black with a white eyepatch and orange beak
this bird had webbed black feet with a grey underbelly and black top with white line in his eyes and a bright orange beak.