This is a large grey bird with a black face and beak.
The black head is small as compared to the body, the bill is long and flat and the wings are large.
The bird is grey with a black head and a black beak with a small eye.
The bird has a white back, black head and gray striped wings and tail.
This is a large grey bird with a black face and a pointy black bill.
The bird has black crown, throat and rectrices, remaining part of the body are covered in gray.
This is a large grey bird with a large downward pointing beak.
This large bird has a brown head a large black beak, and grey and white feathers throughout the rest of its body.
This bird is black with a tapered body, a large head and a long beak that is curved at the end.
This bird is grey with white on its back and has a long, pointy beak.
A long, grey-brown bird with a round belly, and a dark brown face with white around its eyes, a downward-hooked black bill, and webbed feet.
"A large bird with purple plumage and a blue, pointed beak."
This bird has a fluffy neck, a fluffy breast, and a long blue bill
This is a very fuzzy, young looking bird, with grey feathers that look more like fur all over the body, the eyebrow is bright white and the beak is long, black and pointed.
This is a grey bird with large feet and a large black beak.
This is a very large bird with a wide wingspan, mostly black with grey wing tips and a large pale grey beak.
This bird is very dark brown or black, with a pointy light-colored beak.
This is a black bird with a large white beak.
This large bird has a mostly black body with a long hooked bill.
A large bird with a black body and large wings with a pale orange bill.
The bird has beak and head proportional to its body with its whole body covered in black.
This bird is black with a big wingspan and has a very short beak.
This bird is entirely black with a long, sharp beak and a broad wingspan.
This bird appears black with very long wings, and a long bill.
medium to large grey and black bird with long black beak
The bird has gray throat, breast, nape and wings, it has black beak and rectrices, the head and beak is proportion to its body size.
This bird is brown with white on its chest and has a long, pointy beak.
The bird has a grey and white breast, nape and side, with a dark grey covert and crown.
This bird has a brown crown, a flat bill that is black, and a long neck
This waterbird features a crazy pair of eyes and brown plumage.
This bird has a gray belly and breast with darker gray head, and wings.
dark gray bird with extremely long wings, large pointed beak, and no neck
This is a grey bird with a white back and a long pointed beak.
The bird has a white eyering and long secondaries that are dark grey.
Bird is really big with medium bill, it has dark grey and black feathers.
The wings of the bird are light grey and the head and the tail are darker grey.
A medium size bird with a brown head and grey feathers.
A medium sized bird that has tones of grey all over with a long hooked bill
This bird has a dark grey head and a thick bill, with a greyish shade on it's back and coverts.
This bird has a wide body and a narrow, pointed tail.
White bird with light grey feathers and head and a black beak with white circle around the eye.
A medium sized bird with dark grey wing feathers, a white breast, and a long black bill.n
this bird has a grey head and face, white nape, throat and breast, and grey covering the rest of its body.
This is a grey bird with a white breast and eye and a black beak.
bird with fat and long beak that is curved at the tip, with white breast, gray crown and nape
the bird has black crown, and gray nape, breast, and belly, and black wings, and brown tarsus
The bird has a grey breast, throat and abdomen with a black colored covert and crown.
This water bird has pink webbed feet, a long black bill and crown, black primaries and a gray breast.
A bird with webbed feet, large rounded bill, stark white eye, and gray breast.
This bird has grey webbed feet, its body is all grey with black wings and tail, the bill is dark black , the front of the head is black, and the bird has a white eye ring.
This bird is jet black everywhere and has a medium sized beak.
This bird is nearly all black with light colored tarsus and webbed feet.
A large bird covered in black feathers with white tips on its wings, that has white feet, and white markings on its black beak.
A large bird with large black and white bill, and black wings.
A stocky looking bird with a downward sloping long black bill, with a long white stripe, a grayish black body, black wings, and an unusual eye that consists of a large black circle surrounded by a white outline.
This is a grey bird with a black head and a pointy beak.
This bird is white with grey on its wings and has a long, pointy beak.
A large, grey bird with a curved bill and a black head.
This is a thin bird with very slender grey wings, a dark head and tapering light grey belly with a long tubular bill.
bird with long and fat beak that is curved at the tip, and black throat, and gray breast, belly and abdomen
This is a medium sized bird with a large wingspan. He is white and grey, with a beak that's suitable for catching fish. He has a short tale.
A medium sized bird that has dark brown wings with a long hooked bill
This bird has a white crown, black wings, a grey back, and grey outer rectrices.
This bird has a very large wing span with dark colored wings and a white body.
bird with long and curved beak that is grayish brown, white crown, nape, throat, breast and belly
This bird is flying over the water, he has a black underside and belly with pointed beak and grey back.
bird does not have neck very rounded head and black and gray feathers
This is a grey bird with a black head and a large black beak.
This bird has a very round head and curvy beak, with smooth brown and white coloring.
A black and gray bird soars over the ocean.
the large bird with flat bill grey crown and wings to the rump with a white grey nape belly, body and long nape.
A large bird with a black head and rump and grey body.
This bird is white and black in color with a large black beak curved at the end.
The birds has a black head with a grey throat, nape, back and side.
This large light gray bird with darker black beak with large wingspan and large feet.
This large gray bird with a round eye and blunt beak has wings outstretched and is flying.
This is a brown bird with extra large coverts in a large rounded bill.
This bird is grey in color, with a long rounded beak and a white eye ring.
This sea faring bird is completely dark colored and has a wide open, white eye and round-tipped beak.
This bird is grey in color with a long curved beak, and grey eye rings.
The bird is black with a long wing span and short beak.
This bird has a short black bill, a long black wing, and a dark black crown.
The grey seagull has very long wings and a black head.
A gray bird with very long wings, a black head, and a white back.
This bird is black in color with a black beak, and black eye rings.
All black seabird with a white eye ring, yellow strip on lower bill, and slightly down curved bill tip.
This is a black bird with a white eye and a long downward pointing beak.
This black bird has a black, downward sloping beak with a white stripe on the bottom.
This black bird has a large set of eyes and a long, curving beak.
This is a large dark brown bird with a bright white eyering and a long black bill with a pointy tip, curved downward.
This is a grey bird with a black beak and a white eye.
bird with goofy round head, wide curved bill and black all over its body.
This is a dark grey bird with a white eye and a large black beak.
This bird is white and grey in color with a curved black beak, and white eye rings.
A gray bird with a wide beak and webbed feet.
This medium sized bird is a light and dark grey.
This large gray bird has a black head, and a full black beak that curves down at the tip.
a very large bird with an extremely large bill compared to its body's size, that has a white eye ring, black head and face and grey covering its back, coverts, breast and belly.
This is a large grey bird with a black wing and head and a long and pointy black beak.
Very large dark gray bird and bil, light gray patch on his breast , black eyes with a white ring at the edges.
This bird has a light gray belly and abdomen with a black neck, crest, nape, and wing.
The bird has a visibly white eyering along its pretty much black crown and head, as well as its beautiful grey abdomen and body.
medium grey and black bird with medium to long black beak
This large bird has a grey body, black crown, and long hooked bill.
This flying bird has smooth grey and white feathers and a long bill.