This bird is small, but bigger than most small birds, showing off a dark brown body, a thick black beak and very lengthy tail feathers.
This is a brown bird with a large pointed black beak.
This black bird looks raven-like, with a dog-claw shaped beak and rectangular wing feathers.
This bird is black with long tail feathers and has a very short beak.
This small black bird has a long black tail, and black wings.
This bird has a very large, curved, black bill, a black crown, and a black cheek patch.
A small black bird with long inner and outer rectrices and a short downward bill.
This bird is completely black with a short blunt bill.
This bird is all black with a large beak and long tail.
The bird has a small black bill that is curved as well as a black eyering.
This is a black bird with a large black beak.
This bird is entirely black and has a large curved bill.
This bird is completely black with ashort blunt bill.
A tall bird with a short pointed beak,with a short blunt tail.
This is an all black bird with a black beak and black feet.
A long black bird with a stubby black beak and a medium sized neck.
This is an all black bird with a long tail feather with a large beak.
THIS BLACK BIRD IS SOLID IN COLOR WITH LONG TAIL FEATHERS AND A SLIGHTLY ROUNDED BEAK.
This bird is solid black, including it's eyering and bill.
A small bird with a black head and black nape, with black covering the rest of its body, and bill is short and pointed.
A small bird with an all black body, a short curved bill, and long tail feathers.
A small black bird with a long tail and a funny shaped beak.
This is an all black bird with a long tail.
This bird has a black crown, a black bill, and a black breast
This bird is completely black with a large blunt beak.
This bird has a black crown, a thick black bill, and fluffy feathers on its' breast
A black bird with an oddly shaped black beak and black breast.
This bird has a large beak and has all black feathers
This is a large black bird with a long and pointy black beak.
The bird has a very tiny black bill as well as a black wingbar.
A large black bird with a long neck and a short black bill.
This bird has a short wide bill, a black throat, breast, and belly, and black feet.
a black bird with a black eyering with a brown bill
This is medium sized bird with black feathers and a skinny body.
This is a black bird with a large downward pointing black beak.
A bird with a very large downward hooked triangular bill and ruffled black covering its body.
This brownish-black perching bird has a large, stout bill and a long tail that is about that same length as its body.
This black bird has sparse plumage and a thick brown beak.
Bird has a grey beak and the rest of the bird is black .
The bird is black with a long black tail and black eyes.
The bird is black with a curved head and a long black tail as well as a black short beak.
A bird with a large black bill and fine black feathers covering its body.
This bird is all black with long tail feathers and a large rounded beak.
This bird is completely black with a short blunt, thick bill.
This is a black bird with a large black beak and black feet.
This bird is generally black  in color, with a strange black beak and a black eye ring.
The bird has a very short bill relative to its body size and a black overall color.
This bird is black with small white spots and has a long, pointy beak.
This is large black bird with a long downward pointing beak.
Large grey/white billed bird with a black breast and very long tail
This bird is black  in color with a curved black beak and black eye rings.
A small black bird with long recticles, a large head and a short, fat bill.
This is a black bird with a long tail feather and a pointy black beak.
This small bird has a curved beak and a very long tail.
This imposing bird is all black including its eyes, feet, and sharp pointed bill and it has longer tail feathers.
This bird is all black.
A small bird covered in black feathers from head to tail, with a sharp but short pointed beak.
The wholly black bird features a strong, thick beak and beady black eyes.
A black bird that is medium in size very long outer rectrices.
This bird is completely black, with a blunt beak.
This bird is perched up on a tree branch and is basically all black.
This bird is all black with a thick beak and claws.
This bird is completely black with a short blunt bill.
This bird is entirely black, with a rounded beak and lengthy tail feathers.
An all black bird with a thick, rounded black bill.
This bird has a wide, curved, black bill, a black crown and wings, and black tarsuses and feet.
The bird is made up of thick black feathers and a has a short black beak.
this bird has a black belly, the bill is short and curved, with a black tail and black wings.
This bird is completely black with a short blunt bill.
A small bird which is black all over with a long tail and a very fat black bill.
The all black large bird has a large bill and small eyerings.
This is a black bird with a large crooked bill.
A small black bird with a large black bill and a spiked crown.
This bird is black in color with a black beak, and black eye rings.
medium to large black bird with large black beak and medium black eyes
An all black bird with small beady eyes.
bird has black body feathers, black breast feather, and black beak
This is a black bird with a long black tail wing and a pointy beak.
These two birds are black all over and have very long retrices and gray bills.
This bird is all black with a very long tail and the area around its eye is lacking feathers.
The bird has a small black bill that is somewhat curved.
The tail is big as compared to the bird's body, the head is small and the bill is short and pointed
This bird has an enormous tail feather in comparison to its body, which is all black, and it has a thick, downward pointing beak.
This bird has a black overall color with it's short but thick bill in grey color.
This is a black bird with a long black tail feather and a large beak.
A medium sized black bird with a strong thick beak
An average sized bird, with all black feathers, a lover tail, and a short bill.
This bird is black with a long tail and has a very short beak.
This bird has a black overall body color from its crown down to its feet.
This bird is all black, has a powerful heavy beak, a long tail and slightly rumpled plumage under the chin.