An aquatic bird with brown tones all over and a stout pointed beak
A medium sized, black and brown bird with a rather short beak and small, round eyes.
This bird is black in color with a large brown beak and black eye rings.
This squat looking brown water bird has a curved beak and thick neck.
This is a bird with a black spotted back and a brown throat and head.
A bird with a slightly downward curved bill, which also has a white point coming off of it, stark orange eyes, and gray covering its body.
The bird is grey and black with an orange bill and white eyes.
A black water-bird with stout orange beak and eyes, and has a white tooth-like structure at the origin of the beak.
The bird has an orange bill that is outlined in black.
This is a grey bird with an orange bill and black on the wingbars.
This medium brown waterbird has a brown and white spotted breast, a medium length yellow bill, and yellow eyes.
This bird is brown with a weird face and has a very short beak.
This is a brown bird with a large orange beak.
The bird has a long curved bill that is ambered color.
This is a brown bird with a white spotted breast, yellow eye and a brown beak.
A large darkly colored bird with light grey eyes and a large vertically flat beak that is both black and orange.
This bird has a black crown, an orange bill, and a fluffy breast
This is a plump dark gray bird with a thick beak that is yellow.
A fair sized black-gray bird with a large two toned beak that begins as black and abruptly turns bright orange.
A grey bird with an orange beak having black wings and grey eyes.
A larger black and grey bird with an orange beak.
medium black bird with medium black and orange beak and a small orange eye
this large bird has a large head compared to the body size, black wings, and a grey throat, belly and side.
This large bird is mostly black with a long blunt bill.
medium to large grey and black bird with medium black and orange beak
The bird has a black crown, and has long white feathers on its cheek patches.
A close up of a bird with black crown, white eyebrow, white malar stripe, a blueish throat and brast, and a yellow beak with a blakened top to the bill.
This is a grey bird with a black head and a pointy orange beak.
Large bird with a short orange beak with a curve on it; has white whiskers.
This bird is black with white on its feathers and has a long, pointy beak.
This large bird has dark gray wings, tail and head, light gray breast, nearly white flank and a bright yellow bill.
THe bird has a gray belly with black wings and a black striped face.
This bird has an orange bill, a light grey belly, black wings, back, and head, and white eyebrow and malar stripe.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a large pointy bill.
A bird with a light gray breast and belly, orange beak and dark grey back and wings.
A water bird whose body is various shades of gray with a long pointed yellow beak
this bird is predominantly grey in color, but has dark brown wings, secondaries, and a white vent.
This medium sized bird has very small eyes that almost blend in with the color of its feathers, which are grayish brown, followed by a short, yellow beak.
This bird is grey  in color with a  orange beak, and grey eye rings.
This gray and black waterbird features camouflaged eyes and a stout orange bill.
This dark bird has an orange beak, light orange tarsus and feet, dark gray wings, whitish breast and belly, and grey eyes.
This is a black bird with a white belly and a large orange beak.
this is a black and white bird with a orange bill and long wingbars
A bird with an orange thick bill and a black coat with white at its throat.
This bird has a orange beak, black throat, and a black and white belly.
The bird has a large bill that is orange and curved.
a medium sized bird with a bill that curves downwards and black wings
This bird is mostly brown with a white eyebrow and sharp hooked bill.
This gray bird has a long neck, and a large beak that curves downward.
the bird has a short, hooked orange bill, orange eyes, black feathers on top and a white breast and belly on bottom
This is a dark brown bird with a yellow eye and a large orange beak.
This water bird has a black crown and back, yellow and black bill and cream colored throat.
This seabird with a yellow-orange bill has an all around black feathering on top with a lighter color underneath.
A medium sized bird that has tones of dark brown with a medium sized bill
This bird has a large, orange bill, a grey breast, and black wings.
A medium sized bird with a black crown and a bill that curves downwards
This bird has a large, orange, curved bill, a black crown, and a white belly.
This bird has a black crown, a short orange bill, and a black back
This is a small dark aquatic bird with a grey chest and black feathers and face.
this is a black and white bird with a large orange beak.
This bird has a large, curved, yellow bill, a white eyebrow, and a white malar stripe.
This bird has a short, orange bill and white primaries.  The bird has a white superciliary and is carrying a small fish.
This bird has an orange curved and thick beak, has a white malar stripe and eyebrow, and is mostly black with a white belly.
This bird has a black overall color aside from it's vent area which is white in color.
This dark grey aquatic bird has a fairly wide orange beak and feathery white eyebrows.
A black and white bird with a orange beak and grey breast.
The bird is grey, black, and white and has a small grey eye along with an orange bill.
A chunky orange beak, a white malar stripe and black back cover a mostly grey bird.
This odd-looking water bird has dopey yellow eyes and a thick, orange beak.
This bird is bald with a grey face and short silver beak.
The bird has a black eyering, short throat and a small bill.
The bird has a grey crown and a bumpy grey and orange bill.
a brown bird with a large pointed beak and no crown
This bird is black in color with a brown beak, and black eye rings.
This bird has a long wide beak and feathers over the eyes like lashes.
This bird has a yellow orange bill with white eyebrow and grey breast.
This bird has a black body with an orange beak
the bird as a grey belly, the bill is short and pointed, with black and grey covering the rest of its body
This waterbird features a rather large, yellow beak and small, red eyes.
the bird has a large, horned orange bill, a black and gray breast, and a very big head
This bird has a large, orange, curved bill, a white eyebrow, and a gray crown.
This is a grey bird with black wings and an orange beak.
This peculiar bird has a thick, long orange beak and orange stripe on one tarsus.
This bird is predominately gray in coloring with white malar stripes and an orange bill.
The bird has a thick brown head and a short bill.
This dark black swimming bird has a dark yellow short beak.
Round water black and brown bird with a short stout beak.
This bird contains a black head, brown throat and underbelly, and black and brown feathers covering the rest of its body.
This bird has a mostly dark grey body, long neck, and short pointy bill.
this is a brown and black bird with a brown bill and a white side
This black bird has an orange beak slightly pointing downwards, and a white malar stripe.
A large bird with with black crown and back with a orange bill
This black-colored bird has a thin white stripe nears its bill extending diagonally down the neck, and a faint white stripe at the eyebrow.
This water bird is primarily dark grey with a large, curved orange bill.
This large bird has a mostly dark grey body with a short blunt bill.
This gray bird has a yellow beak that curves downward and white eyelashes.
This bird is mostly gray with a sharp orange bill.
This is a small grey bird with a large curved beak.
This duck has white feathers almost like wiskers on it's grey head with orange abstract looking beak.
This is a large bird with an orange beak and dark feathers.
This is a dark gray bird with a black and orange, sturdy hooked bill.
A black bird with orange spikes coming off the face and a bright orange bill.
A sleek bodied black bird with an orange and black pointed beak and long tan colored eyebrows and cheek tufts.
This bird is mostly dark grey with a sharp pointy bill.
medium to large black and grey bird with medium orange and black beak
A medium sized bird with black feathers and an orange beak.
This bird has a brown crown, a pointed bill, and a brown back.
This is a brown and black bird with a yellow eye and an orange beak.
A medium sized bird that has tones of dark brown with a large sized bill
This bird is black in color with a orange beak, and black eye rings.
This black and grey bird has a short bill and swims in the water.
An auklet with orange beak is gray all over and has black wings.
A law swimming bird, with black wing feathers, a grey breast and face, and a short curved bill.
This bird has a grey crown, a small bill, and a long neck
This waterbird features a brown exterior and a pointed, stout beak.