This bird has a rather big body compared to the head. It is black and white, the head is black.
Small bird with white eyes, throat is white, secondaries and tail are grey, belly, breast and abdomen are white with black spots.
The bird has a white eye ring with it's abdomen and breast mostly covered in white but with black patches.
The bird has a white eyering and white breast, belly, abdomen area but with a lot of black patches.
This bird has large white eyes with a black pupil, its head is small compared to its body.
A small bird with a small black tail and bright white eyes.
This bird has a short black bill, black tarsuses and feet, and a black eyering.
This is a black bird with a white belly and a white eye.
This bird is mostly all black with white feathers on its belly and vent.
This is a black bird with a white belly, white eye and a small black beak.
The bird has small beak when compared to its body, with black crown and white throat and gray tarsus and feet.
bird has gray body feathers, spotted breast feather, and short beak
This is a bird with a white breast, black back and a large pointed beak.
This peculiar bird has very short or no rectrices, an extremely stubby orange and black beak, and buggy white eyes with tiny black pupils.
This unique bird has a white and gray breast with a short red-tipped bill, nearly white tarsus and feet, and a distinct white eyering.
A white and black bird with webbed feet and short beak.
This bird has a long neck and a small beak that is almost invisible at first glance, and he is black and white in color.
A brown and white speckled bird with a long neck and a short beak.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short blunt bill.
This goofy bird has vibrant, yellow eyes and a speckled white coat.
A small bird which appears penguin-like, possibly flightless, dark grey and black with very bright eyes.
This bird is black, white, and brown in color with a  stubby beak and  black eye rings.
This bird has a brown body with white blotches on the breast and belly, the beak is very short with an orange tip, the feet are quite large compared to the body, and the tail is very short.
A mottled dark gray and brown bird with yellow eyes and a short tipped orange beak.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
bird has spotted body feathers, spotted breast feather, and short beak
a small and plump bird with a black and white mixture on body.
a black and white speckle belly bird with a black head with white throat and small black beak.
This is a bigger bird, but it has a small bill and is colored grey, black and white all over.
A black bird with a white and grey belly, wide white eyes and a thin black beak ending in a orange-red tip.
A short, fat bird with a black head, small bill, and grey and white speckled chest.
This is a black and white shaded bird with a very small beak.
This bird has a small bill, a white throat, and a brown/white mottled belly & breast.
A white bellied bird with brown specks and a dark brown coverts.
The bird has a white and tan belly with a brown head.
This small, white-bellied bird has a brown head and a red-tipped beak.
This bird is black with a white chest and belly and has a long neck
A medium sized bird that has a white belly that has black spots on it
A medium bird with a white chest and light eyes.
The bird has a white eyering and a small black bill.
This bird has a short wide bill, a white throat, and a white cheek patch.
This black bird has mottled-white from throat to vent and has pinhole pupils.
Black bird with white eyes and black and gray speckled belly and breast. Throat is gray as well.
This small bird has a short bill, a white malar stripe, and a black & white mottled breast & throat.
This bird has an orange bill and mostly grey plumage, with some white smattered along the belly, breast, and throat.
This is a grey bird with a white throat and a small pointy red beak.
The bird has a white and gray speckled belly and breast with a short orange bill.
This is a black bird with a white spotted belly and a white eye.
a bird with a grey head and white throat, the bill is short and pointed, with grey covering the rest of the body.
This black and white bird has a small beak, and the head is small compared to the body.
bird has black body feathers, white breast feather, and short  beak
A medium bird with grey and white markings on the feathers and light eyes.
This small, upright bird is black and white with a small triangular beak.
This bird is black with white on its back and has a very short beak.
The bird has a black and white spotted belly, with a short red beak, and extremely shirt rail feathers.
The bird has a white eyering and a small peach bill.
This black and white bird has a white throat, small beak, speckled belly, and white eyering.
This is a white and black spotted bird with a white eye.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a little blunt bill.
small bird with grey and white spotted feathers and a small orange beak
This stocky bird has a large head with a short, blunt beak, black head, wings and back with a white spotted chest and belly, and also has light colored tarsus and feet.
The bird has a yellow eyering and a small bill that is red.
THIS BIRD IS CALLED A LEAST AUKLET, WHICH IS A VERY SMALL BIRD CONTAINING A WHITE EYERING, AND BROWN AND WHITE SPECKLES OVER ITS SIDES.
A small bird with a black and white speckled belly and a short, orange bill.
This bird is white and black in color with a red beak, and black eye rings.
This bird has white eyes as well as a white breast and sides with black tarsus.
A small sized bird that has a grey belly and a very short pointed bill
A small bird with white throat, breast and belly, black small head and short bill, black feet and tarsus.
A small white and black duck with white eye and short black beak.
White bellied bird with black crown and bill with webbed feet.
The small brown and white bird is white with brown mottling on the chest, a mostly brown back and head, and a red tipped beak.
This bird is brown and white with a red nose.
A brown auklet with orange beak, yellow eyes, white breast and belly brown spotted.
a red and black beak connects to a dark crown with light eyes peering into the distance.
This is a bird with a white belly and breast and a black back and head with a white eye.
This bird has a white with gray speckled appearance on its belly and breast, with gray crown and white superciliary.
Medium sized grey bird, with a grey head and feet and small orange beak and grey streaks on its body.
a short white and gray bird with small white eyes and webbed feet.
A medium sized bird that is mostly white and black with a short pointed bill
This colorful bird has a short bill, a mottled white & black body, blue and black tarsus, and webbed feet.
this is a peculiar looking bird with black and white specks
This is a white bird with black spots and a white eye.
A bird with a short bill, bright eyes, a mottled underside, and small wings compared to its large head and long legs.
a black and white bird with white eyes and red at the end of it's bill.
This is a black and white spotted bird with a white throat and eye.
A dark grey and white bird with a wide speckled breast and webbed feet.
This bird has a gray speckled appearance with large gray webbed feet.
A bird with stark white eyes, webbed feet, and small orange tipped bill.
black back, wings, neck, nape, crown, and feet. With white spotted breast. white streaks on eyebrows and superciliary
This black and white bird is mostly black with flecks of white on the head, chest, throat and feet.
A bird with a short, rounded beak which ends in a point, stark white eyes, and white throat.
This bird has a black eyering, a bright red bill, and a white throat.
This bird looks black and white lines drawn on it, it's small beak is blood red and it's eyes are alert, white with a small black pupil.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a blunt orange bill.
A black and white bird with white eyes and a short beak.