this standing bird has a long neck and iridescent colored feathers
This bird has a long black neck, long straight beak and a robust black breast and belly.
This bird is almost completely black with a long hooked bill.
This large bird is mostly black with a long neck, and long hooked bill.
this is a black bird with a white bill and colorful wingbars
This bird is black all over its body and has a long neck.
a dark feathered bird with a long neck and long beak
This aquatic bird is pure black with a brown bill and swimming in water.
This bird is completely black with a long neck and a flat spoon shaped yellow bill.
A sleek black bird with a long flat  yellow beak.
Medium sized bird that has light tan feathers from its neck to its feet and dark brown feathers from its wings to its tail.
A medium bird with an all brown body, brown tarsus, and brown bill.
A brown and beige bird with a long orange neck and a flat beak.
This bird is dark brown with some white speckling on the wings, and has a long neck and pronounced beak.
This bird is brown with a long neck and has a long, pointy beak.
The  bird has a long black throat that is curved and a black bill.
"A giant black bird with a red beak, black plumage, white belly and curvy neck."
the bird is black, has white thighs, a long neck, and a narrow bill.
This bird has an all black body and a long flat bill.
This darkly colored bird has a long neck and a long, flat beak.
This bird is completely black.
The bird has a black overall color from it's crown, neck, throat, nape and coverts.
A large black bird with a very long neck and black beak
This bird is mostly black with a long neck, and a long hooked bill.
bird with long and fat beak that is dark brown, and the whole body is covered in black, and the head is small when compared to its body size
This black bird has black belly, breast, neck, head, wings, tail and feet, the bill is long and head is small compared to the body
A larger bird that is all black with a spot of white that has spiked feathers on its crown and a long flat bill.
A large gray bird with a long beak and red around it's face.
This bird is mostly gray, has a long neck and bill, and wide webbed feet.
This large bird is predominately all black, the bill is long and flat and grey with a spotting of red.
the bird has a narrow, large bill, blue and white cheek patch, and black plumage across its back
This bird is black with a light blue and white throat.
This black bird has a blue throat, a long black bill, and a gray malar stripe.
The body of the bird is black to the head, under the beak is a baby blue coloring.
A medium size bird with a bright blue throat and black beak
A dark colored bird with a long neck and long bill.
The bird has a brown striped belly and wings with a black head.
A large black flying bird with long wing feathers, a black nape, and a sharp bill.
This is a large brown bird with large flat bill and large brown wings.
This is a black bird with large wings and a long neck.
a long black bird, with a white rump and white flank
A black bird with a long black bill and patches of white by the tail.
This bird is sleek black from beak to rectrices with a spot of white on the abdomen.
The black bird features a long beak and a rather longer, outstretched neck.
A medium sized bird that is mostly black with a narrow bill
A large bird with a long neck, and a black colored feathers.
This is a black bird with brown spots on its face and a black beak.
A large bird with with a long black bill and the bird has a long neck
This is a large black and brown bird with a black bill.
long beaked bird with large head and long neck, all black feathers
A bird with a long neck and narrow, flat bill and black feathers.
The bird has a long neck and throat with a black colored feather over all of its body.
This is a large brown bird with a large neck and a large beak.
This large brown bird has a long, serpentine neck, large feet and tail feathers.
All black bird with distinctive black rounded off bill and webbed feet.
The bird has a long black neck and a long black bill.
Predominantly black bird with dark green coloring on the back and bottom of throat.
A bird with black crown, back and long neck and the bill is long and pointed
This bird has a majority of black color with some shades of dark green
This bird has a medium beak and mostly black feathers
a larger bird with a brown body, light brown head neck and wings, with some light red in its face.
Large bird with black body, dark wings, and orange colored brow and cheek.
This is a dark grey bird with a white throat and a large orange beak.
big black bird with grey neck, long black wings, and orange bill.
This brown-winged bird has a medium wing-span with a hooked, yellow beak and brown-white mottled coloring beneath its neck and full brown coloring on its belly.
This is a large black bird with a long neck and a large beak.
This black bird has a long neck and large wings.
This bird is completely black and has large wings, as well as a long, flat beak.
bird with long and thin neck with its whole body covered in black, and the head is small when compared to its body size
This bird has a small long flat beak and is dark in color from dark green to dark purple.
This large bird has dark green feathers with a dark blue neck and a long orange beak.
A bird with a large rounded bill, stark white eyes, and pearlescent blue and green plumage covering its body.
large neck bird, with a long beak, blue and variations of green body.
This large black bird has feathers that reflect hues of blue and green.
this water foul is all black with a thin neck and straight beak
bird has black body feathers, black breast feather, and very long beak
A large bird with a long neck and black wings and a long bill
A bird with a long neck and a long slender bill with black plumage.
long neck bird with a long beak, all black with wide wings.
a black dark feathered bird with a long neck and beak
A larger bird with a black head and a red stripe that comes to the long flat bill with multi-colored green and purple plumage on its body.
The bird has a metallic sheen to its feathers with a curved neck and red superciliary with a flat orange bill.
A bird in the water with red on its beak and its feathers are very wet
An iridescent bird with a long neck and bright red coloring around the eye and bill.
This bird is black overall, with an iridescent sheen on it's head, neck and back, and a bright white rump.
This bird is black  in color, with a red beak and a dark eye ring.
A large bird with a long neck and black crown and black side and belly and white side.
This large bird has a long neck and large hooked bill.
bird with brown beak that is slightly curved at the tip, black crown, wings, nape and throat, and gray tarsus and feet
a very large bird with a long neck, and is mostly black in color, and a red part on his face.
A large bird with a orange cheek patch, and black wings
a very large bird with black and white feathers for color.
This large bird has a mottled appearance with bright orange superciliary.
This aquatic bird is predominantly black with a long neck and a red eyering and beak.
The large bird has a brown body and a yellow bill.
The bird has a long curved throat that is black and large.
This bird is strange looking with a long neck, white and brown colors and a white beak
This large black and gray bird has a long neck and large pointy beak.
A long, and seemingly lumpy bird, it is coated in varying shades or brown white a brightly colored orange ombre bill.
The bird has a green breast and a tiny black bill.
A bluish black bird with peacock blue head, purple neck and orange patch under the beak and eye.
A greenish long necked bird with a medium sized bill, a splash of red at it's throat, with long grey tail feathers.
This is a black bird with a purple nape and white bill.
This large bird has a long thin pointed bill, a red eyering, a long neck, and a black & white mottled back.
This bird has a long and pointy beak with a green eyebrow.
THis bird is very metallic . It looks like a tiffany piece.  Very ornate and glittery.
This bird has black, pink, blue, and green in its elaborate feathers as well as a curved neck and an elongated head and beak.
a large bird with a distinct curved neck, and breast that sticks out.
This medium sized dark colored bird has hints  of green feathers from its eyes down to its tail.
a large bird with a curved long neck, and long bill.
This is a large, black bird with green on the cheek patches, throat, and breast.
This dark colored bird has a mix of red and black in its secondary feathers with a white spot on the abdomen.
The bird has a very dark green color on it's back with it's covert in brown colored feathers.
this bird is dark gray, has a long neck, and a white belly.
This bird has a brown wing, with a head that has a black crown and a white throat
A medium bird with brown and green wings, a long black neck and red cheek.
This all black bird has a long body, neck and tail and a long, rounded bill.
The bird with black with a wide wingspan and a slender beak with a skinny neck.
The black bird has a long and thin head that blends into the neck
A solid, darkly colored bird with a long neck and black, straight beak.
This bird is black in color with a  flat long beak, and  black eye rings.
This is a big bird with scales and rubbery feathers, a long crooked neck and hooked bill.
Big bird with long neck,
This bird has a long neck, a spotted back, and webbed feet
This bird has black plumage with a red and yellow patch on its chest and the lower side of its face, with a very dark black head, and a long, scaly-looking bill.
This is a large black bird with a brown neck and a long orange beak.