This bird has a white body and gray wings and crown. The bill starts orange and ends black on  the tip.
This bird has a yellow bill and black and brown coverts, also with a white breast and abdomen.
This bird has a downward pointed beak that is orange on the bottom and black on top, with a brown body and white belly.
This white bellied and breasted bird has a grey head.
this smaller bird has a white breast, brown wings, and an orange beak
This is a tan bird with a cream-colored abdomen and chest and a sharp orange bill.
this is a white and brown bird with a orange bill and small gray feet
This bird is white and brown in color and has a black and orange bill along with a orange eye ring.
small to medium white brown and black bird with short tarsus and medium orange and black beak
This is a brown bird with a white breast and orange bill.
A small bird has very fluffy feathers that are tan and white, with it's breast and belly having most of the white color.
This bird is brown with white on its belly and black near its eyes.
A small bird with a white breast and a bill that curves downwards
A brown bird with a white throat and breast, with a medium-sized beak.
A bird with a medium downward hooked bill white breast and gray back.
This white bellied and neck bird has brown wings and crown. The bill is orange.
This small bird has a white belly with a yellow malar stripe.
The bird has a brown body and a white belly with a yellow beak.
This bird has a white breast & belly, a long pointed yellow bill, and a brown crown & nape.
A small bird with a white underbelly and gray feathers.
The bird has a white breast and belly and a small bill.
Yellow malar stripe on a grey winged bird with long tail and white breast.
A small bird with small sized head, grey crown, white throat and breast.
The bird is small and has a white belly with dark gray wings and crown.
This bird is brown with white on its chest and has a very short beak.
The bird has a white breast and throat and a long bill.
This bird is white and brown in color, with a orange beak and a lighter eye ring.
This bird is brown with white on its stomach and has a very short beak.
This bird is white and brown in color with a sharp beak, and light eye rings.
This gray bird has a long tail which is as long as its entire body, and it also has a medium length beak that has a shade of yellow/orange around the bottom.
A long brown bird with a lighter brown belly and neck.
a slender yet long bird with big black eyes, and a tanish body.
This is a bird with a white breast and belly, brown wing and an orange beak.
This bird is brown and white in color with a orange beak, and brown eye rings.
Medium size thin bird with a tan belly, long brown wings, brown crown, orange and black hooked beak, brown rump, and long black and brown tail.
This colorful bird has a white belly and breast, brown wings, the bill is short and pointed, and black tarsus and feet.
this bird has black on its crown, nape, back, wings and rectrices, as well as white on its throat, breast and belly.
The bird has a white breast, throat, belly and abdomen with the rest of its body in black color.
This bird is black and white in color with a curved beak, and black eye rings.
This bird has a white chest and a beak that curves downward.
A black winged bird with white belly with a average sized yellow beak.
This bird has brown wings with a red wingbar, a white throat and belly, and an orange bill with black on the top.
This bird has a curved yellow and gray bill, a brown and gray crown, and a white throat and breast.
A medium bird with brown wings and crown and orange bill.
This bird has a white belly and breast with a dark crown and short hooked bill.
A medium sized bird with a white belly and throat, a curved downward yellow bill, and brown wings with hints of orange.
The bird has a white belly and a brown body with a yellow bill.
This little bird has a white belly and breast with a gray wing and tail.
A bird with a bright yellow bill, white breast and brown wings.
A small gray and white bird with a yellow beak.
This bird has a white belly, breast, and crown with a brown wing and long tail.
This bird has a white chest and an orange beak.
This is a bird with a white breast and a grey head.
This bird has a small white body that is covered by long, dark brown wings and tail feathers.
This bird has a brown crown, a white breast, and a long hooked bill
This bird is white and grey  in color with a curved orange beak, and black eye rings.
The bird has a short yellow beak with a white chest and body.
This bird has a half yellow half white bill along with a white belly, and fuzzy white breast.
This is a white bird with grey wings, grey head and an orange beak.
The bird doesn't appear to be too exotic but it is white, gray with a yellow beak. It is distinct in certain features and colors.
This bird is white with grey on its head and has a long, pointy beak.
The bird has long, flat tail feathers, a white breast, and a long yellow bill.
This sleek medium-sized bird is colored white throat to abdomen, brownish gray crown to back, and has a long dark tail patterned with large white spots.
This bird has a white breast and chest, brown tail feathers with white circles underneath
This is a white bird with black wings, a black head and an orange beak.
This large black bird has white spots on it's tail and a white throat, breast, and abdomen.
The bird has a white breast and belly and a curved yellow bill.
This bird has a white belly and breast, with a gray crown and wing.
The bird has a white throat, abdomen, and small tarsus as well as orange lower bill and black upper bill.
A small bird with an orange and black bill and a white throat, belly, and abdomen.
This small bird has a white or buff underbelly, and orange bill, and a brown back, wings, and head (ending at the superciliary line); it has three pairs of white spots on the underside of its tail.
A bird has a white breast and white belly, it's superciliary is black and it has a bright orange bill.
This bird as a thin orange bill, a white throat and belly, brown wings, back, and crown.
The bird has a white breast, belly and abdomen with a dark brown crown and orange bill.
This bird has a grey belly and breast with a brown crown and wing, and little pointy bill.
This black bird has a small orange beak and a white throat, breast, and abdomen.
This bird has a white throat, breast, and belly, an orange beak, and a brown head and wings.
Small bird with black and orange bil, white underside, brown-red upper side with Brien wingbars.
A medium sized brown bird with a white chest and underbelly, with a rather long beek.
This is a small bird with white throat and neck, brown wingbars and primaries, and an orange, slightly-curved beak.
White bodied bird with brown wings and crown.
A small bird has a brown back, a long yellow bill, and white thighs.
This bird's body is grey on top and white on bottom, the beak is yellow and there is a yellow ring around the black eye.
This bird has a white underbelly, dark tan wings and top of its head, with a big yellow eye and yellow beak.
This pale brown bird has a pointed yellow beak and a white throat, breast, and abdomen.
This bird is brown and white in color with a orange beak, and  yellow eye rings.
A small bird with a white underbelly and brown wings.
This is a white bird with grey wings and a pointed orange beak.
The bird has a white belly and a yellow curved beak with brown side wings.
This bird has a brown wingbar, yellow, long and pointy beak, and large eyes.
This bird has a brown crown, white breast, yellow bill, and tan wingbars.
This bird has a brown crown, back, and wings, while the belly and breast are white.
bird has brown body feathers, white breast feathers, and brown curved beak
A small bird with grey crown, slightly curved bill; white throat and belly.
A small brown bird with white breast and long curved bill.
A medium sized bird that has a white belly with a medium sized bill