This pretty green, white, and tan bird has a blended green and tan speckled belly and sides while his primaries are green and brown, his secondaries are bright green, he has a short tail and a pretty tan bill.
The bird has green feathers and a black eye with a curved beak and variegated crown.
This is a green and grey bird with a black cheek patch and a white beak.
This green and white speckled bird has bright green wings .
A green bird with a pattern of white feathers on its breast and belly that makes these regions appear sharp and pointed.
The bird has green wings, greenish yellow breast and the colors of green and black that covers its body.
This is a green bird with yellow spike-like coloring on its breast and belly.
A long bird with a dark green wings, and a yellow dotted belly.
The bird has green wings with a with and black head.
This is a bird with a yellow and grey spotted belly, green wing and a white beak.
This little bird has a green and white speckled appearance and has bright green primaries and secondaries.
A small bird with green and white speckled feathers, and bright green wings.
An interestingly colorful bird with well defined areas of green highlights.
This bird has a very bright green set of wings, the chest and belly are light green with tan feathers.
This bird has a grey and yellow belly, green wing and a white beak.
A small bird with a small head, black crown and back, green wings, and green breast, sides, and flanks, spotted white.
This is a small green bird with some yellow on chest.
This is a green bird with white spots and a black head.
green and yellow flecked belly with black and white head and green wings.
bright green wing bars stand out on this bird with a dark black crown.
This small bird has a green and white speckled breast and belly, gray tail feathers, and a gray bill and head.
The bird has a speckled body with a grey beak and black head.
This bird has grey and black stripes on the head and a chest of green and tan feathers.
A medium sized bird with a multicolored body, and a bill that curves downwards
This small bird has big black eyes and white spots on its yellow-green breast and belly.
This bird has a green and yellow belly, and green wings.
This is a small green bird where the breast and belly are colored as if it has sharp spikes on them.
The bird is various shades of green with a short tan beak and small round black eyes.
This is a green and grey bird with a white beak.
A medium sized bird that has tones of yellow and green with a medium sized bill
This is a yellow bird with brown feathers and brown feet.
The bird has a large bill, green breast and curved feet.
a large colorful bird with yellow, green, and brown feathers covering the rest of its body, along with a brown tarsus.
A plump bird that has shades of yellow and green on its belly.
This puffy bellied bird has a yellowish green breast and a brown tail.
A white spotted bird with a black superciliary, green primaries, and light green coverts.
a medium sized bird with green wings, and a small bill that curves downwards
This is a bird with a white and brown spotted breast and a green wing.
The bird has green wings and big red eyes and black feet.
This bird has a white and brown spotted breast, green wing and a white beak.
This bird has bright green wings and tail, but has a yellow-green mottled breast and flank and a black cheek patch.
A small bird, with bright green wings and tail, mottled yellow breast and belly, and a thick, blunt bill.
A green bird with a short bill and speckled feathers.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill and green wing and back.
bird with brownish yellow beak, gray tarsus, feet and throat, green wings, inner and outer rectrices
A medium sized bird with green wings and red eyes as well as a cream colored curved beak.
This bird has green wings, white feathers ringed with black on its breast and crown, a black malar stripe, blue superciliary, and red eyerings.
This bird is blue, black, and brown in color with a large white beak and red eye rings.
This bird has a green set of wings and retrices with the rest of its body covered in what looks like scales.
A unique looking bird with a brown abdomen and breast that is speckled, a curved bill, and most of all it has striking green wings and  tail feathers.
a medium sized bird with a white and yellow breast and small bill eats a moth on a tree
A medium sized bird with an all charcoal colored head and a white and greenish yellow belly with a speckled pattern.
A large bird with mixed color breast and the head of the bird is small compared to its body
A white body is covered with yellow and green downward pointing feathers on the breast.
The bird has a scale like pattern on it's green and yellow body.
This small bird is green, black and brownish gold in color it has small wings and small beaded eyes and has a big beak for the size of the bird short legs with big feet
This smallish bird has bright green wings, a green belly with white spots, a a pointy light brown beak.
The bird has a small black eyering and a small brown bill.
This bird has green and black wings and a green spotted head.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
The bird has a green breast and belly and a small throat.
A small bird with green wings and black crown and tarsus, the bill is short and pointed
A bird with a white head and black nape, with green and yellow covering the rest of its body.
This bird has a speckled belly and breast with a short pointy bill.
This is a colorful bird with a yellow spotted belly and a green wing.
This bird has a green back with a yellow stomach with black spots.
This is a yellow spotted bird with a green wing and a white beak.
A small bird with yellow and black spots on its belly and breast, green wings, and red eyes.
This is a bird with a yellow breast with black spots, a green wing and a white throat and line under its eye.
This is a colorful bird with bright green wings and a yellow chest and belly that are speckled with black feathers.
Small green feathered bird that has brown and white spots on its body and its head even on its feet.
A small colorful bird with brown, white and green speckled feathers covering its head, nape, throat, belly and tarsus, with bright green feathers, and black wingbars.
A small bird with a large tan bill and green primaries and secondaries.
This bird has a green wing, brown spotted breast and a white beak.
this colorful bird has a black cheek patch, green outer and green rectrices and grey tarsus and feet.
This bird is brown and white speckled with touches of iridescent green in its secondaries.
this bird has green specks on it with a green wingbar and brown eyerings
This is a brown and white bird with a green wing and a white beak.
This bird is brown and green in color with a white  beak, and  black eye rings.
This bird is brown with green on its wings and has a long, pointy beak.
This bird is green and its chest and belly are colored in such a way that it looks like it has pointy spikes or arrows on them.
Red iris eyes that are larger, on a smoother feathered body with short wings, triangular beak rounded down medium length, and green wings with whiter highlights on the breast.
This is a green bird that has coloring on the belly and breast that looks like sharp spikes.
This is a green and yellow spotted bird with a black cheek patch and a white bill.
small to medium white green and black beak with long black tarsus and medium beak
The bird has its fully body covered in gray with white dots all over it, it has small beak when compared to its body size.
This bird has a speckled breast with green spots on grey plumage, a yellow-and-black head, and colorful green wings.
The bird is plump and is has a body that is brown and white speckled.
Brown speckled bird with off white bill and black cheek patch.
This bird is brown in color with a tan beak, and black eye rings.
A bird with a pointed, triangular bill, white eyering, and pinecone patterned green and brown breast.
Chubby, short billed bird with chartreuse eyering, black cheek patch, and spotted green/chartreuse body.
This little bird has a green with white speckled belly and breast, with a brown crown and black superciliary.
The bird is slightly green with yellowish spots along its wings, and it features a short, yellow beak.
A small bird with light taupe spots on green breast.
This bird has a small pointy white beak with a grey and white breast.
This bird is green and black in color with a  short beak and  black eye rings.
A small bird with lime colored upper wing and a whitish beak which is curved at the top.
This small bird has green and black feathers on its wings and yellow and white feathers on its body.
This small green and beige bird has black accents on the tips of it's tail feathers.