A black bird with a with crown and some white on the top of its wings.
Thin fraille black bird has a long streak of white feathers from its beak down to its tail.
The bird is black with a white crown and light colored beak.
This small bird with a small beak has a black underside and lighter, yellowish topside.
A small black bird with a white crown and back, with long legs.
This bird has a black belly and breast with a bit of brown on its nape.
The bird is black with a white rump and a yellow-brown nape, it also has white mixed throughout its wings.
This bird is black all over with yellow feathers on the back of its head and some white on its wings.
A small black bird with a yellow crown, black wings, and a white covert.
Black bird with orange nap, black and white wings and a dark beak.
A large black bird with white and orange wing bars, and an orange nape.
black bird, white wing bars, tan patch on nape, short beak.
This small black bird has a brown back and a black pointy beak.
This bird has a black body with a brown nape and short blunt bill.
The bird has curved feet and a tiny bill that is black.
A multicolored bird with an all black belly, a yellow nape, and white wing feathers.
A medium bird with a black body, white back and a peach crown.
This bird has a black belly and face, a white back and a yellow nape.
The bird has a black belly, breast, and throat, with a creamy yellow nape, and white back.
This bird has a black under belly with a yellow head and brown feathers on the wings and tail.
The bird has a black bill that is small, and black belly and breast.
This small bird has a short pointed bill, a black breast, black wings with white on them and yellow at the back of its head.
This bird is black and white with a beige crown and a small pointy beak.
The birds beak is gey ad small the head is yellow and black the belly throat and breast are alson black the wings are black brown and white.
This bird has a brown head and a black body.
The bird's crown shows actual heights above the top of the head.
The bird has black overall color including its feet and bill with a distinct brown patch on its nape and crown.
bird with sharp and pointed beak that is dark gray, and white nape, with black throat, breast, belly and abdomen
This is a small black bird with a yellow nape.
This bird is mostly black with hints of white in it's feathers, and a white neck.
This bird is nearly all black with a white patch on its nape.
A small black bird with a white nape and some white markings on the wings.
This mostly-black bird with white patches has black eyes and a slightly curved beak.
A medium sized black bird with a white nape.
this tiny bird is very black with a grayish head and partly white feathers
The beige plume on the back of this birds head is a distinct identifier. The black small body with white feathering makes him easy to spot.
A small black bird with a light brown crown with long feathers on top and a small black bill.
small black and white bird with long pink tarsus and medium black beak
bird with gray beak that is sharp and pointed, and black throat, breast, belly and abdomen
The bird is mostly black with a white head and long tarsals.
This is a black bird with a white back of its head and a large beak.
This little bird is black with a white strip down it back and head.
This bird is entirely black except for a fluffy white tuft on the crown.
This gorgeous bird has a glossy black body with a white, mohawk style nape and white rump.
The nape of the bird is fluffy and off white, the head is black, the beak is short and pointy and the wings are black and white.
A small bird with cream nape, white coverts with black secondaries and primaries with white trimming.
This bird is black with white on its wing and has a very short beak.
This bird is black and white in color with a stubby beak, and black eye rings.
small black grey and white bird with long black tarsus and medium black beak
A black bodied bird with white topped wings and a dark tan crested head.
This bird has a short, straight, black bill, a white nape, and a black throat, breast, and belly.
An average sized bird with an all black lower body, white and grey wing feathers, and a light yellow nape.
a long bird that has black body, and a white top on head.
This is a small black bird with a white wing and a yellow nape.
The bird has a crown that is yellow and a small bill.
This bird has a unique white tuft on the back of its head and mottled black, gray and white feathers elsewhere.
This little bird has a black belly and breast, and a light crown and coverts.
the small bird has a yellow crown and a short black bill.
The small bird features an ornate assortment of black and white plumage, with a narrow, sharp beak.
This mostly black bird has a crown that is beige in color. The wings are white and the beak is black.
A pretty black bird with white coverts, yellow nape, and proportionate head.
a small black bird with a yellow nape and small beak
This is a black bird with a white wing and a tan nape.
A small black bird with a tan head, and a white wing.
This small multicolored bird has long pinkish legs, a gray bill, orange on the top of its head and green, orange, and black all over its body.
A small bird with wiry tarsus and feet, a short bill, and a faded yellow nape.
a yellow and black bird with a yellow crown and brown feet
This bird is black with white on its wings and has a very short beak.
This is a black bird with a white and yellow wing and a yellow nape.
A small bird has a light brown head, a white eyering, and tall brown tarsus'.
this bird has a yellow face, nape and throat, along with a dark brown crown.
This bird has a yellow belly a brown striped back and a black crown.
This bird is brown in color with a stubby beak, and brown eye rings.
The small bird has orange tarsus and brown feathers all over its body with a small orange beak.
A small bird with a mostly black body and white nape, upper covert and rump.
This is a black and white bird with a small pointy black beak.
bird has brown body feathers, brown breast feathers, and brown beak
Little black bird with white crown and rump. White wingbars.
bird with small pointy black beak, with black eye, throat, breast, belly, and abdomen
A ragged looking bird with black feathers, and a blond spot on top of head.
This bird has a curved black bill, brown feet, and a yellow crown.
A black bird with a bright orange crown and white coverts.
A small, black bird with a yellow nape and a white back.
This black bird has white accents on it's wing feathers and a bright yellow patch on it's head.
The black bird has a white spot and small orange beak.
This is a black bird with a white nape and an orange beak.
The bird has black overall color, aside from his white nape and white streaks on its covert.
its a small black bird with a white spot on the back of its head.
The black bird sports sharp claws and a somewhat thick, multicolored beak.