a large bird has a white belly, long tarsus', and webbed black feet.
The bird has a long black bill that is curved and large.
This is a large grey bird with a large downward pointing beak.
This waterbird has a large wingspan and a large, crooked black beak.
This big bird has a long, black wingbars, and black thigh, body and feet.
This bird has a long bill that is curved at the end and the feathers are brown.
A dirty gray bird with a black beak in the sea.
An aquatic bird with a brown body and a white patch on its face, with a long black bill that ends in a hook.
This bird has a long black bill and a brown body.
This water bird is grey with a white head that is small compared to the rest of his body.
The bird has a curved bill that is white and long.
bird has brown body feathers,brown breast feather, and thick beak
This magestic creature looks like it is soaring through the air at a zoo exhibit.
A bird with a long wingspan and a long beak with a bill curves downward at the end.
This bird is brown with white on its stomach and has a long, pointy beak.
The bird has head and beak proportional to its body, it has brown body including its beak, tarsus and feet.
This bird has a large hooked tan bill, a grey body, and an orange-tan neck and head with a black patch around the eye.
This bird is brown with short wings and has a long, pointy beak.
A larger sized bird that has tones of grey and a large hooked bill
A big bird with gray feathers and a big gray beak.
A large brown bird with a long and sharply turned down bill.
This bird is brown with a black back and has a long, pointy beak.
This bird is white and brown in color with a long beak that is curved at the end.
This is a brown bird with white on the crown and black on the wingbars.
This is a brown bird that is large and has a long hooked bill with a little black in the wing feathers.
A bird with flustered grey feathers has a long neck and a white crown.
a large bird with a white face, and brown feathers covering the rest of its body.
This is a large grey bird with a large rounded bill and a downward point at the end.
A medium sized bird that has tones of grey with a medium sized bill
A medium bird with gray feathers and a black beak.
A medium sized bird with a large curved beak, and black feathers.
the bird is gray with a long curved thick bill and dark eyes.
The bird has a very dark grey crown, coverts, retrices and throat.
This bird has a grey crown, a hooked bill, and a long neck
THIS WATER BIRD HAS WHITE AROUND ITS EYES, GREY FEATHERS AND A LONG HOOKED BILL.
This bird is brown with a lighter brown crest.
Aquatic large bird with long hooked bill, white face, and brown body.
bird has brown body feathers, brown breast feathers, and brown beak
this bird has a white superciliary and brown all around its body with a long bill
This is a brown bird with a white face and a long downward pointing beak.
A long bill that is brown, along with a crown that is white and a back that is dark brown.
A dark gray bird with a white crown and cheeks and a dark gray beak.
This bird has dark brown to black bill, has brown and black coverts and white crown.
This is a large, brown and black bird with white on the crown and cheek patches.
bird with long and curved beak that is brow, and black eye with rest of the body covered in brown with little portion around the beak in white
a brown bird with white on the supercillary and a brown bill
This interesting bird has a long beak that is curved at it's end, and soft white and brown colored feathers.
A big brown bird with a brownish beak.
this bird has a long curved bill, and dark brown plumage with white accents beneath the eyes.
this bird has a brown crown and a long bill.
This is mostly brown bird with webbed feet that are also brown.
this is a gray bird with black feet and a white bill
This is a grey bird with black feet and a large beak.
The bird spreads its wings while gliding over the surface of the water.
a bird with grey tarsus and webbed feet, the bill is long and curved, with a grey belly and breast
Medium to large sized bird with a grey body and dark wings with white spots around the eyes and tails.
A medium sized brown bird with long wings and a long beak.
A medium sized bird with a bill that curves downward, with a brown body.
This gray bird has a white crown and a long but blunted beak.
medium to large brown and grey bird with long brown beak
This bird is almost completely dark gray, it has a light gray crown.
This bird has a curved black bill, a brown breast, and a white crown.
a dark gray bird with long skinny wings and a white head.
Brown bird with extremely long winspan and a white crown.
This bird has very long wings and is a water bird with white on its head.
The wings are brown, long and narrow, and have white markings on the secondaries, the bill is blunt tipped and black, the head is light brown with a white thin marking between the eye and the beak.
Grey bird with black flat beak with grey and white big wings
the dark brown bird has black eye ring and black rectrices.
This bird's most distinct feature is its long, flat beak as well as its large wingspan.
A bird with a large black bill with downward curve, white superciliaries and brown plumage.
A tan and bird with a large wingspan, and a tan beak
Gray bodied bird with a white rump and medium length bill.
This is a brown bird with long wings and a large beak.
This bird is brown with white on its head and has a long, pointy beak.
This large bird features a large wingspan and a blunt-tipped beak.
Bird with large wingspan, very long and thick downward curved beak.
A large bird with large black wings, a gray body, and large hooked gray beak.
This is a bird with a white belly and dark wings.
this bird has very wide-reacing wingbars and secondaries.  the breast is white and it has a dark yellow bill.
This is a large bird with large secondaries and white on the cheek patches.
Here we have a bird soaring above the water and it's color is dark brown, he seems to have a long dark colored bill with a white ring around it on the upper part near the bill.
This large bird is black all over, with a large flattened bill.
a large bird covered n green feathers except for the bits of white on the edges of its wings, and the circle around its bill.
This is a large grey bird with a large grey beak.
This bird is brown and has a black bill with a white bit surrounding it.