Bird with black feathers covering its body and yellow feathers for their head
This is a small bird with a pointy bill, completely ink black except for the crown, neck and breast which are goldenrod yellow.
This is a black bird with a yellow head and breast.
This bird is mostly black with a bright yellow head and breast.
THIS COLORFUL BIRD HAS A YELLOW HEAD AND  THROAT, BLACK WINGS,  CHEST AND BELLY WITH SMALL FEET.
A medium sized bird that has yellow breast and head, with a black body and wings
This bird is mostly black with a yellow neck, crown, and nape.
this bird has yellow on it chest and red on the top of its head
This yellow headed bird has an all black body.
This is a black bird with orange on the crown and yellow on the throat and breast.
The bird has a black body and wings with a orange neck and face.
This stout bird has a pointy black beak and body punctuated with a deep orange head and breast.
This bird is mostly black with a bright yellow breast and head.
bird with black inner and outer rectrices, eye, and brown tarsus and feet, and yellow throat, and breast
The bird has a bight orange yellow head with a black body.
This bird has a small, bright orange head and neck and pointed black beak, black wings, and small black feet.
This bird has a yellow head, face, throat, nape with solid black feathers covering the rest of its body.
dark grey black colored body. With a golden yellow head and neck and a black beak and feet.
A distinctive black and yellow bird with a pointed black bill, a yellow head, neck, and nape, and black belly and wings.
A colorful bird with a pointed grey beak, bright yellow throat, head and breast, black on it's belly wings and tail, and a black ring around it's eye
a small, colorful bird with an orange head, black eye ring, yellow throat and breast, and black covering the rest of its body.
This is a black bird with a yellow breast and head.
This small bird has a yellow breast, crown, and nape, with the rest black.
This yellow bird has black eyes rings and a black abdomen, vent, wings, and tail.
This bird has a black belly and yellow breast and crown.
A vividly colored bird that is black with a yellow head, nape and breast.
The bird has a black colored covert, retrice and tarsus as well as it's feet, with a black cheek patch and bill.
small black white and yellow bird with long black tarsus and medium black beak
This bird has a black body, and a bright yellow breast and crown.
A medium sized bird with a yellow chest and head, and black body and wings
a small yet plump bird with yellow and black coloration.
A smaller bird with a yellow crown and breast and a black belly and abdomen.
this bird has a small head and a wide body, the color around the eyes it black while the rest of its head and breast are a mustard yellow, the rest of the bird is black.
This bird is yellow with black on its wings and has a very short beak.
This bird has a yellow breast and head, black feathers everywhere else, and a sharp black beak.
A large black bird with white wingbars, a yellow face and breast and black beak.
bird has black body feathers, yellow breast feather, and  black beak
Small beak bird with normal sized body. Colors are yellow, black and white.
This bird is black with yellow on its head and has a long, pointy beak.
The bird has a yellow breast as well as a black bellyl.
This bird is black with orange on its head and has a very short beak.
Small black bodied bird with a strip white line on the right covert,yellow chest, dark black eyes and a brown crown
A medium sized with a bill that curves downwards, and a black belly
black and yellow bird with a small beak and medium sized head and body.
This bird has a very proud look about it, being all black with a very pronounced yellow breast and head.
This is a black bird with a yellow breast and head.
An average sized bird with a yellow breast, a yellow nape, and all black feathers on the rest of its body.
bird with gray beak, black eye, tarsus, feet, wing, inner and outer rectrices,side, and yellow breast
This bird has a black body with a bright yellow breast and neck.
a medium sized bird with a long build and a yellow head and breast.
medium black white and yellow bird with long black tarsus and medium black beak
This short-beaked specimen has a black and yellow body and a long tail.
A small bird with black legs, and a black body, with a yellow neck and head.
full black bird with white stripe underwing, and a golden yellow breast and head.
This bird has a yellow head and breast with an orange crown and a black eyering.
bird has black body feathers, yellow breast feather, and black beak
This is a black bird with a yellow breast and a yellow face.
This bird is black and yellow in color with a black beak, and black eye rings.
fat belly bird with small head and beak, the colors are yellow and black.
A bird has a bright golden crown and throat, it's breast is yellow, and back is black.
Upper body yellow and lower black with black color around beak
This bird has a bright yellow crown, a long straight bill, and white wingbars.
This is a black bird with a yellow head and breast.
This medium sized bird has a yellow head with a black eyering, it has a body that is large compared to the head
This bird has a black body, with a bright yellow breast and crown.
This magnificent bird is mostly black with a bright yellow breast and neck, and orange crown.
This is a black bird that has a yellow head and breast and an orange crown.
The bird has a yellow head and throat and a black body with a black beak.
This bird has mostly black body and a chunky black bill, but the head, neck, throat are yellow and the crown is orange.
Average sized bird ,all black with the exception of a yellow head and breast, black pointy bil, black eyes and eyepatch,
A black bird with a yellow torso and head with a small black beak.
This bird has a yellow front half with a black eyering and a black pointy beak, along with a black lower half including black feet and tarsus.
Yellow head and breasted bird, with black covering the rest of the body and feet, has black eyes and a long straight beak.
This two toned bird has a yellow head and breast with black feathers and feet.
Small bird with a distinctive yellow head and breast, black plumage covering the rest of its body and a small flat beak.
This particular bird is almost all brown with a yellow crown, throat, and nape.
This is a grey bird with a yellow throat and a pointy beak.
Averaged sized black bird, yellow head with black eyerings, black eyes.
small to medium brown and yellow bird with short tarsus and medium beak
A small sized brown and yellow bird with a gray beak.
A large bird with long wings, and an orange body.
bird has dark body feathers, yellow breast feather, and black beak
The black wings have white patches, the head, throat, and chest are orange.
a bird with a yellow head and breast, the bill is short, with black tarsus and feet.
This bird has a yellow breast and head, with black cheek patches, and a pointed bill.
THE BILL ON THIS YELLOW HEADED BIRD IS BLACK AND POINTED, IT'S FEET AND EYES ARE ALSO BLACK.
This is a black bird with a yellow head and breast.
A smaller all black bird with an orange neck and face, and a small beak.
This bird is large with black yellow feathers.
Yellow headed bird with black body and black eyes with small gray/black beack
This bird has a bright orange breast and head, it's wings are black and there are white wingbars.
A fluffy black bodied bird with an bright orange head.
This bird is black with a yellow-orange head, with a black eye ring.
This bird has a yellow head and chest while the rest of its body is black with a single white stripe on its wing.
This bird is about average in size, its head is yellow but black feathers cover the rest.